Timothy Sackton: Cloud.
Timothy Sackton: Let us begin as the sun rises on the New year in Toland. the 740 ninth year
Timothy Sackton: since the founding of drink, or just turn on the music a little
Timothy Sackton: on the sky. Shift. Ventrast Journal. Most. None of the travelers here would mark. This is the dawning of the new year. Were they not in Tolton?
Timothy Sackton: The hammers and bells of the dwarven kingdoms of the sentinel? Rage will not ring to mark the New Year for another few months, until March seventeenth. In the human reckoning.
Timothy Sackton: Few, except the dwarven lorekeepers. Now remember, but this will mark the beginning of the 800,
Timothy Sackton: the 5,880 s year since the planes were pulled apart
Timothy Sackton: in Dunmar.
Timothy Sackton: the new Year, the 190 s year of the 9 Dynasty will not come for another 3 weeks, when the Feast of the Sun on January 20 s marks the end of the holy month, and the beginning of the New Year
Timothy Sackton: among the halflings in their ships and caravans traveling the world. The New Year had started already, and the days began to lengthen after the winter solstice.
Timothy Sackton: The song of the Year of Shadow dreams is over, and the song of the New year is just beginning.
Timothy Sackton: The elves, the turning of the year that is growing shorter than longer than sugar, again, is merely a small part of the larger cycle of the call that Elvin counted generations stretching back to the original elves who lived in the shadows of the First Born, and does not usually warrant much comment or celebration by itself
Timothy Sackton: in Poland, though
Timothy Sackton: the city is quiet, many Tolanders are just drifting to bed after a night of prayer, and dreaming by the Paravella's bonfires, taking in the mysteries and blessings of the world. Wing
Timothy Sackton: today will be a day to rest and recover for the people of Tolen, and it won't be until tomorrow. That will be possible to hire workers to fix the ship or shop for magical tattoos, or visit the philosopher's guild, to trade magic for information, or take care of what other business, what any other business you would like to take care of in Tollen before turning. So
Timothy Sackton: so as we begin, I'll start with just asking everybody to describe what their characters describe your character and and what you're doing as the human New Year begins. And then I think it makes sense to skip ahead a little bit. So you have dinner with the elves. Plan for the day after this day. The dwarf is
Timothy Sackton: presumably gonna show up on Saturday morning for brunch, and possibly to leave for the place he wants to go, at least was not left entirely clear. After the party. And then, whatever kind of downtime or other
Timothy Sackton: scenes you want to play out in Toland. however long you wanna take before you depart.
Timothy Sackton: But let's start with everybody giving a description of their character. And what? How they're what you're doing on this day of rest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So this is so where? Where are we right now? Are we on the ship?
Timothy Sackton: This is like, you know, a a day after the party. So the party was not last night but the night before. and Yup, and yet last night was the sort of most religious part of the parabola festival. Everybody lights these bonfires, and, you know, praise to the weird thing, and
Timothy Sackton: you all had your separate.
Timothy Sackton: I think. Kenzo spent the day with Iscra, and well, we spent the day with half lanes, and
Mike Sackton: I think, wandered around a little bit.
Mike Sackton: You keep trying. Keep trying. But you know I'm not trying. It's the universe that's irresistible. Forces. Don't you can fight it all you want but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: would be a soft tar. I smelled
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay.
Timothy Sackton: so who wants to go first?
Eric Rosenbaum: The
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  It's good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what time of day, is it? I'll like
Timothy Sackton: morning
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: morning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  Penzo Kenzo's been up since sunrise and has been spending this morning. in the garden. He's he's barefoot
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: swearing is this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bright red, tall, and road that he's been
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wearing on occasion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is, normally, hair is normally tied back. But now, currently just kind of long and and flowing, and hasn't cut it for a while, and it's contemplating a shave.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and he's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of doing little circles around the around the garden, investigating the little, the little plants, and a little various kind of life forms that are that are growing down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: occasionally bending down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sitting, meditating, but just really enjoying the morning and enjoying being alive and enjoying
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And into this this little, little, slowly, slowly budding garden that's at the center of the top of the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: not far away from there.
Eric Rosenbaum: at some point
Eric Rosenbaum: anywhere within earshot, not even startled, early in the morning to hear a kind of.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then some rattling, more similar sounds. Similar. Seeker has spent intermittently time playing the pinball machine and with his half of his body under it, tinkering with the innards, trying to figure out what
Eric Rosenbaum: his new friend was able to do to it, actually noticing some
Eric Rosenbaum: perhaps unexpected skills. But after he finishes playing seeker, goes back to his
Eric Rosenbaum: just a little
Eric Rosenbaum: alcove containing phasing stones and is growing collection of
Eric Rosenbaum: craft, materials and tools and
Eric Rosenbaum: magic items in various states of investigation and repair. Along with sketching tools
Eric Rosenbaum: where you can see also his new friend has gotten thinking about
Eric Rosenbaum: stone
Eric Rosenbaum: creatures, stone birds, maybe stone leggings, stone overcoats, stone bracelets. He's just thinking about possibilities, making sketches and drawings, wearing his new toll in red cloak, and in the morning sunlight.
Eric Rosenbaum: The white streak down the center of his head, of the white hair from which the color was taken by the Fay
Eric Rosenbaum: shines in sun
Mike Sackton: check.
Mike Sackton: Dallas is also sort of
Mike Sackton: hiring around on the
Mike Sackton: edges of the of them.
Mike Sackton: Castle. Not sort of in the center. Just sort of
Mike Sackton: walking along. He's clearly been up for a while.
Mike Sackton: but sunrise he was out looking out over the sun, you know, looking at the sunrise, and now he's sort of
Mike Sackton: walking around the edge of the castle kind of looking out south, mostly like stretching his eyes, kinda looking for towards the next
Mike Sackton: part of our journey. Maybe we go that way. And he's like occasionally he'll like climb down the side of the ship a little bit like he.
Mike Sackton: you know, and just kinda over the rocks and sort of look out. Look around the bottom. He's just. He seems
Mike Sackton: restless, but not in a
Mike Sackton: not in like a
Mike Sackton: negative, like anxious way more, just
Mike Sackton: ready for
Mike Sackton: something.
Mike Sackton: energized in a way, but expressing it mostly through looking outward away from
Mike Sackton: that.
Mike Sackton: the sort of his more normal kind of domesticity.
Mike Sackton: seems to be a little bit suppressed this morning, and he's just
Mike Sackton: looking around sort of eagerly at the
Mike Sackton: surroundings.
David: Well, be in the Mac room and baxter is in one corner with his head tucked under a wing
David: napping, and we'll be continuing to work steadily on this enormous wall-sized map of Talgar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Isn't that for him? That's awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God! We should set it up so that, like one of our rooms.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cause we're gonna have a mirror room. But like, maybe the mirror room is like, like, you know, cause like you, just you start walking down like a hall like a corridor, and it's just like just like there's like way more rooms than you think would possibly be able to fit in a ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, that's bigger on the inside. But maybe the mirror is like the like. The the portal room like you. You walk down a hallway that you think is a hallway. But it's like just rooms that go to our sleeping quarters. And it's just like this epic mansion inside. You're like what the fuck. How's this? All inside the ship. Maybe we can get who's who's our? Who's the the guy from
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenza's friend who made the made the little? Oh, yeah. A locket from the lock and monastery was that guy's name portable? The portable guy? Yeah, yeah, yeah, we should. We should give him. We should give him a creative residency on the I'd be totally serious. We should give him a creative residency on the ship, and then let him live with us and build like the the we'll be the second resident after we drop off foundry.
Mike Sackton: We can have more than one resident, right? Yeah, we have lots of space.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it is a fairly big ship, it's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I think, especially if we prioritize people that can make the ship even bigger, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: right self reinforcing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bassu was his name Basu.
Timothy Sackton: but he was like together with the librarian. So you don't cosy. So you'd also have to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Totally fine. I mean, we need a library on board, so join fellowship. Just have a huge, you know, a huge retinue of people. Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, we're Seeker's Journal. Let's get a link.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, I got it. I got it.
Timothy Sackton: So do you
Timothy Sackton: up to you. If you wanna discuss your plans in tollen and character, or just kind of try to
Timothy Sackton: hash out.
Timothy Sackton: But other than your 2 commitments, what else do you want to do?
Eric Rosenbaum: One key question is, we should, I think. engage the philosophy with some question.
Eric Rosenbaum: great, what's the question? There's a lot of business questions about the like demon dude.
Eric Rosenbaum: or about rise jade pieces, or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: should the seeker also join this guild
Mike Sackton: takes 5 years. Yeah, start the process.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, I have to stay here. It doesn't exist
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really. No, like, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's a good retirement project for seeker.
Mike Sackton: We. We have a bunch of magic items that we could get rid of.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I'm saying. Like we have like we could probably get 3 or 4 questions out of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice? Right? Like.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And but the thing is, there's magic items, and there's magic items like they. We don't know what's a value to them. So maybe there's a way to suss out what would be most interesting. Yeah. But we also have some good magic items. Right?
Mike Sackton: We have. We have we? We had a sector. Yeah. Man, you know. If we had kept that we probably could have gotten a lot for that. I'm noticing this like pattern, and how we operate. And I'm not sure
Mike Sackton: we have the mace of terror from Fausto.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You mean the mace of love and freedom
Mike Sackton: the Mays of make. Everybody want to love you so much. They run away. We have the arcane, Grimir, that we found this
Eric Rosenbaum: magic is neutral. Wizards kill people.
Mike Sackton: Well, the base is really for people who hate people. We have this spell book of Tauntsi stories and prayers that you can use as an arcane focus
Mike Sackton: it.
Mike Sackton: It seems fairly interesting. Right? We have Cassian's chalet spellbook.
Mike Sackton: We have the summing greater demon spell gem.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God
Mike Sackton: they might be interested in that.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is the spell, gem? Though I think it's a gem that contains a spell right like, if we break the gem. It casts the spells
Mike Sackton: doesn't it? Doesn't. It's like a it's like a lawn. It's okay.
Mike Sackton: bad. Some are greater demon rechargeable. But I don't like the idea of someone greater demons. So I think it's okay to give it to them.
Mike Sackton: No, it's very uncomfortable with us, summoning greater demons.
Eric Rosenbaum: Eager doesn't seem to possibly go up
Eric Rosenbaum: that the philosophers are
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: but yet like there's now one
Eric Rosenbaum: like air of
Mike Sackton: Did you turn the music out of it? Thank you
Eric Rosenbaum: there was. There was no hint of.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not going, is there?
Eric Rosenbaum: But now
Eric Rosenbaum: there was
Mike Sackton: But what's odd? Is their dragons right, or something like that I don't think they're e.
Eric Rosenbaum: They're just not what they seem.
Mike Sackton: Out of curiosity. What I can't remember what happened to for all guys, the binding stones and
Eric Rosenbaum: her all guys eyes. We gave the eyes back to frog. Right? Seeker still has the binding stones. That's a long term project. I need to actually find somebody to help me understand the binding, maybe the philosophy, the philosophers, about how to use them.
Mike Sackton: We also we also have
Mike Sackton: Shimmutt's shadow armband.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do we have
Mike Sackton: that was found in armbands that might was using to travel to the shadow dimensions and transport troops all over the place.
Eric Rosenbaum:  45 pairs. So it's it's not that useful
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it? Thi? It's not that useful. But the Philosophers Guild might be interested. We should also think of some things to show the mirror, and it's like just about mirror time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, is it got it?
Timothy Sackton:  Is that
Timothy Sackton: because he used the mirror on the
Timothy Sackton: no, it's you use the mirror on the note on the cipher from just a day or 2 ago? Okay, now. But it's been. We used it on the cipher before.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Used it on the helm when you are on, scare him, and then as soon as they're recharged you use. So you've got another
Eric Rosenbaum: 5 days till it's charged. Again.
David: we should ask the philosophers how to decipher the occulta ludum handbook.
That's a great idea.
Mike Sackton: That's a really good idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we don't know what they know. They seem to know a lot, though. What's they can search Wikipedia right? Like, yeah, they do have Telgar Pedia.
Mike Sackton:  They have Tim's version of the toggers.
Eric Rosenbaum: N. Kiridian.
Eric Rosenbaum: the occult Aluden, is that your time up?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're guys looking at this.
Mike Sackton: We're looking at party treasure, Doc.
Eric Rosenbaum: So much stuff to find out, Tim.
Mike Sackton: But what do we?
Eric Rosenbaum: What we need to know is all the code words for the mirror? That's right.
Mike Sackton: What are we? What are we trying to? What are our goals?
Eric Rosenbaum: Really good bounding stones for
Eric Rosenbaum: my new dwarf friend to embed in my magical stone armor
Eric Rosenbaum: to?
Mike Sackton: I'm not sure. I trust your wife goals.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like, didn't you see? Wrong trousers?
David: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: so magic stone pants, that's what I'm gonna get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, awesome. Grab it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It goes really? Well, basically.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, it always goes. Well.
David: I think our goal is to kill grush and then kill Fausto. Just have fun.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See? I'm I'm getting on that wrap, too. I feel like I feel like we're going on tour. You know. I feel like we're like, we're like, you know, we're it's like sex drugs and rock and roll. Yeah, I mean, let's just like, let's just have a good time out there, you know.
Mike Sackton: Dallas feels certain obligation to
Mike Sackton: letting getting rid of a poly on. I don't think we could abandon that quest, but taking out some lieutenants along the way is wise, and and Fausto, the human need for revenge and the halfling you lesser you other races. Sorry, Weser, that shouldn't have flipped out.
Mike Sackton:  but I mean revenge, sure on fast, though, is, is, of course.
Mike Sackton: worthwhile. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not racist when it's right.
David: Didn't didn't you guys used to have a world spanning Empire? How how'd that go for you
Mike Sackton: while we decided the humans probably shouldn't all die. And you know.
Mike Sackton: yeah, the other races from all dying. And that turns out to have hurt our empire?
Mike Sackton:  But
Mike Sackton: do we think we need? What do we need from the philosophers guilt to figure these things? I mean.
Mike Sackton: do we want to try and learn something about Fausto or a Polyon, or about something random and interesting. Often the East.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
Eric Rosenbaum: tools learn. Let's learn about our own tools. We don't know everything about our own stoneship, or the phasing stones that operate it.
Eric Rosenbaum: or the binding stems that will power my leggings.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just toss that in there.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's all good. We should definitely know all that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also, we have any idea how to kill Paul. Yeah, like, we have an idea where he is so like, well, like we don't know any of that stuff right?
Mike Sackton: I think we go to, drank, or and then
Mike Sackton: see what happens.
Mike Sackton: As we've clearly demonstrated, as long as we have a really well organized plan, we're successful. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: obviously just showing up and winging it is, you know, wasn't isn't this? Why, we're regathering the parts of rye cause. Doesn't. Didn't ry have a plan to contain a polyon? That's what I thought. I thought we we wanted all the pieces of him, because that was involved, and like cause, you know, that was like the the he, like a Polyon, was kind of was kept, he was like. And then something happened, and then all the sharps blew up so like collecting all the pieces, still feels like a useful like
Mike Sackton: Shamut imprisoned him.
Mike Sackton: We released him in high school
Mike Sackton: except Rye, kept him imprisoned
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: later.
Mike Sackton: like kept shamut stuff from dying from letting him out right in high school. We released him when we killed Shamat right? Shamat was keeping. I mean, you know, sometime we have to rerun the the high school campaign like, where clearly we're the bad guys right like I mean, obviously Shamat was right. Anyway, play it all work party. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Alt history.
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: When Shamut died Napoleon was freed briefly until er was going to be freed except Rice stopped it. and then it's his. The prison is cracking. Ever since Rye
Timothy Sackton: tried to queue tried to do the thing in the desert with the monks of Bishop there was a critical point. Where the Tim. When when did it have? Do we know when it happened when the when the when hit the handle up by timeline it was about. It was just about 30 years ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't.
Mike Sackton: It's like
Eric Rosenbaum: they were all trying to do.
Mike Sackton: They were trying to cleanse these.
Mike Sackton: There was all these little
Mike Sackton: dashes and reality. Right, Tim, do I have this right? There was like dashes in reality, that were letting evil demons and stuff through, that they were worried about
Mike Sackton: where they're trying to cleanse the plug play glance. I can't quite remember we had the story from that monk.
Timothy Sackton:  yes, they were trying to heal. Heal the plague glands. I'm trying to find the link.
Timothy Sackton:  This was from Ryan's perspective.
Mike Sackton: Alright. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So all those monks might might have survived. But just be really far away in Telgar, or be on other some other trapped in some other plane. Actually.
Mike Sackton: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: They've not been heard from. Right? We still need to find Dematar.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So okay. but we actually have leads on 4 of the 5 pieces of ride out
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we did. Yup!
Mike Sackton: What's the clue for the fifth one that we don't have a lead on the dense lush rainforest
Mike Sackton: we found the one in the rainforest we found the one
Mike Sackton: Kenza was always had, the one in the desert, and weeds on 2 more and one's a mystery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we should find out from the Philosopher's guild, like, like, Yeah, like, how do we trap the Polyon again?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: they don't know that nobody knows that.
Eric Rosenbaum: But they might know historically if there's some weakness
Eric Rosenbaum: like unprotected underbelly a missing scale.
Mike Sackton: or they might know
Mike Sackton: how the prison works.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go.
Mike Sackton: It hasn't fully broken right like there is an existing prison
Mike Sackton: that's weakening right? If it was completely gone, he'd be like Roman Cross Talgar, like reclaiming his
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right.
Mike Sackton: But it's unclear to me if the if the goal is to trap him again or kill, presumably it's to trap him, not so much to kill him, because if he was so easy to kill.
Mike Sackton: Ryer Chimut would have done it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So here's a question alright, so like in terms of like the to do list kilograms
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hill fasto. Probably gotta kill grosch sooner than later. Cause riswin, you know she's like, while we're partying and doing like so nominal, we should, you know, probably go and and you know, do that?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We shouldn't tell her very much about the giant party we threw, or yeah, we shouldn't, because we just how we urgently rush over as soon as we decide the scepter without with with, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: no dilly dallying it whatsoever, just straight to her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But then we do. We? We need to get these pieces of rye right feels like in order for us to like complete the main ultimate inquest, don't we need to get? I think that is a reasonably good thing to focus on
Eric Rosenbaum: and be distracted from. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So after we kill gosh cause that feels like the most urgent thing after we do that the fastow thing can go later like with. Then we go on the finish finish collecting the pieces of request right
Eric Rosenbaum: with the complications from Fausto sending his hunters after us while we do that perfect. I mean, they're still hunting after us. We just I mean, we're not even like hiding where we are. We're like they're just slow or something, cause we're just. We're chilling. So have their own awesome skyship or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Guess they're hard to.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're hard to track down a little bit. I do want to figure out how to cause massive destruction by dropping things out of the skyship. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree
Eric Rosenbaum: there's no spell for that. We just have to get boulders and then learn how to make all this down.
Mike Sackton: Can I make a wall of stone thing that then drops? Why can't you just make a wall of stone in the air?
Eric Rosenbaum: Is such that it needs to be supported from underneath. I think, Tim.
Eric Rosenbaum: so it would take some trickery to get it to.
Mike Sackton: That's too bad, because
Eric Rosenbaum: proper lubrication, you know, on the right mechanism.
Let's go.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what the Residency is for.
Mike Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: having made relatively little progress on what you are going to do in total, and
she
Timothy Sackton: realizing that we don't want to go super late tonight for everyone's benefit.
Timothy Sackton: is there?
Timothy Sackton: So okay, so you have. Melanie are coming over for dinner tomorrow night.
Timothy Sackton: Is there anything that you want to tried to do
Timothy Sackton: between now and dinner?
Mike Sackton: II think, go to the Philosopher's Guild is our
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah. Let's just pick a magic item or 2,
Mike Sackton: I think I think we should give them the mace of terror.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: the Arcane Grimir. I would give them all 4 of our powerful, not new items, the Arcane Grimir
Mike Sackton: Castian's chill out spellbook, the spell gem of Cadmos and the mace of terror.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll do one at a time. Let's start with. We're giving them to them. For what? For information, for secret and rare information. What kinds of things do they know? I feel like those spell. That spellbook might hold some secrets that Grimoire like who knows what's in there.
Mike Sackton: I think. Well, the grimmer, I think, is safe to. That's a very wiz wizards. None of us are wizards. We're never gonna use it right. And it's a tachi. It's a book of tauntie spells.
Mike Sackton: We got it from grimaceals. Hoard. It's not that mysterious spellbook. Got it?
Mike Sackton: Okay, your idea of learning about our stuff, I think, probably.
Mike Sackton: But the question is like, Okay, if we're gonna ask them 2 questions, what about? I don't know how our things work.
Mike Sackton: and what about
Mike Sackton: the world? What do we want it? I mean, are we going for the jungle for a clue about? Rise hand to the jungle? They probably don't know exactly what rise hand has landed right?
Eric Rosenbaum: We could ask about Demotar, because we have just no information at all about Dematar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we we have some information on the Circle Island right, Tim.
David: No, he's in drank, or somewhere from Rise Vision. That vision Tim sent us just said he was in drank, or we could ask how to get to the circle.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we could also ask about
Mike Sackton: rise Hand. They might know something about it. We should totally ask about rise hand
Eric Rosenbaum: alright ours. We have to rise hand. Wait, Tim, don't we know the location of the Circle Island? It's like it's like in the sea, like kinda west of
Mike Sackton: the whole concept of secret knowledge about Ryan, his familiar, his hand. What was he doing before it got destroyed? All the secret knowledge there is about Ryan?
Eric Rosenbaum: But the first one is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: secret knowledge of rye. And then Apollon's weaknesses.
Mike Sackton: II was just gonna ask about like using the phasing stone to control that that I think that's okay, too. I thought at least 2 questions.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Eric Rosenbaum: how about the binding? So
Mike Sackton: pick one seeker, you get one question about things. Take
Mike Sackton: priorities. I think it's going to be the ship
Timothy Sackton: you. So the next morning, Friday,
Timothy Sackton: is a a cold, clear day. A cold front has come down, and you know, every everybody is shimmering. There's a thin film of ice forming even on the harbor.
Timothy Sackton: This is like a a freeze overnight, and as you all exit. The
Timothy Sackton: the ship all bundled up the Philosopher's guild. You anybody could tell you this, or you already know, is
Timothy Sackton: so. Most of the guilds in Tolin are in the lake sort of fancy parts, like the Dyers Guild was in this Gold Street district, and a lot of them are in Gilgate, which are sort of newer, fancier parts of the city.
Timothy Sackton: The Philosopher's Guild itself is in
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: the old, the oldest
Timothy Sackton: part of the city, the step block. It's now. It's now like where the lumber yards and shipbuilding is, and you know, sailors, taverns, and busy streets.
Timothy Sackton: It's this
Timothy Sackton:  St sort of actually like this background I've been using for toll and docs. Right?
Timothy Sackton: and it's
Timothy Sackton: quite out of place like you, you know, you get directions, and you you come to this sort of minor plaza in Get block surrounded by you know this. These
Timothy Sackton: just noise and and bustle of you know people hauling timber down the streets to the shipyards. Things like that. but that this little quiet plaza itself is.
Timothy Sackton: it's quiet, and and as you. There's a few people sitting there
Timothy Sackton: like, despite the frost in the air. There's
Timothy Sackton: the plaza's tiled with gray stone, and has these raised planters. and there's
Timothy Sackton: red flowers that are blooming in the planters, and
Timothy Sackton: there's a fountain in the middle of like this, like circle of these planters that's just like, you know, not frozen at all. There's water. and it's like a little bit hard to like. See the door of the Guildhall from
Timothy Sackton: from outside, and when you when you step into the pause of them.
Timothy Sackton: Video, most feels like it fades away a little bit. Not like it's not there, like if you turn around, and you look. It's obviously like there's, you know. Carpenters rushing
Timothy Sackton: passed on some little street next to the plaza, but the sound. the noise of the city fades away
Timothy Sackton: as you approach.
Timothy Sackton: The Guilt Hall itself is, I'm assuming, like a 4 story building, not
Timothy Sackton: elaborately decorated, just simple gray stone with nice symmetric windows.
Timothy Sackton: 2 large bronze doors decorated with flora motifs, and as you
Timothy Sackton: walk up the doors swing open without knocking or anything, and you can see that there's a brightly lit
Timothy Sackton:  sitting room antechamber
Timothy Sackton: in here. There's maybe half a dozen tables each with a few chairs. There's a few people sitting around talking quietly.
Timothy Sackton: And as you enter, just kind of looking around, you see a woman hard to tell how old she is.
Timothy Sackton: Again wearing these plain white robes. Come and greet you and ask you what business you have to day
Eric Rosenbaum:  become bearing powerful magical items
Eric Rosenbaum: and seek information.
Timothy Sackton: She sort of nods and and smiles at you, and and gestures for you to have a seat
Timothy Sackton:  you know somebody will be with you shortly. Your names. Please
Eric Rosenbaum: give them our names. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: so she leaves, and you know sometime passes.
Timothy Sackton: He appears
Timothy Sackton: you don't notice who brings it, but presumably somebody must have
Timothy Sackton: a plate of some morning snacks, some little pastries, or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: until
Timothy Sackton: sometime later. Dilios, the sage, Delius the elder, the old man who was at the
Timothy Sackton: at the Dars Guild party
Timothy Sackton: walks up to you. Looking at the 4 of you, and he's wearing these same white robes. He's got a sort of a fluffy beard. He's at least 80, but walks confidently.
Timothy Sackton: He's got these like thin glasses that he's wearing, and he steps forward and he.
Timothy Sackton: He smiles at you, and he says, Welcome, welcome! And he pulls up a chair and he sits down, and as he sits down you can feel like the conversations and
Timothy Sackton: the sort of murmur of conversation at the other tables seems to fade, and and it takes real effort to like, even stare and see who's
Timothy Sackton: city like. You don't think you could really describe the other people in this room without like really concentrating hard.
Eric Rosenbaum: The
Timothy Sackton: so my little tidbits have tempted you. I'm glad I'm glad I
Timothy Sackton: we are quite fascinated with what you've brought. It would be
Timothy Sackton: quite willing to
Timothy Sackton: discuss a mutually beneficial exchange.
A
Timothy Sackton: what would you like to know? I must tell you
Timothy Sackton: not. Everything can be learned, of course, and we do not deal in divination or prophecy only what was or is not, what will be.
Timothy Sackton: We specialize in hidden knowledge the secrets that are not recorded in any book.
Timothy Sackton: and while we were doing our best to get you an answer. your gift to us, not guarantee anything merely the attempt.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what form does this attempt take? How quickly that we learn what we wish
Timothy Sackton: some things I can tell you right away. Some things require study.  consultation.
Eric Rosenbaum: We we have, as you may know, other errands to attend to, so we cannot wait here for long.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have, as you may be aware.
Eric Rosenbaum: beautiful ancient skyship of stone
Eric Rosenbaum: and Ken's, like Vietnam. have been the pilots of indrist, and I have studied its mechanism and worked so tame the phasing stone that keeps it aloft and controls it.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I sense that there is much more to know
Eric Rosenbaum: about these mechanisms.
Eric Rosenbaum: What this ship has been can be, what the phasing stone can do, and how we can attune to it.
Eric Rosenbaum: how we might.
Eric Rosenbaum: we could better help us fulfill our missions.
Timothy Sackton: not tell you
Timothy Sackton: what you should do.
Timothy Sackton: Is there a part of its history, you would like to know about
Timothy Sackton: a specific piece of knowledge you would wish to learn.
Timothy Sackton: We do not advise.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm! The capabilities of the ship. the mechanisms of the phasing stone. the operation of it the control.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: Have you not been flying the ship?
Eric Rosenbaum: We've been flying it, but wish to do so more agile. faster
Eric Rosenbaum:  in other ways that might allow us to shield ourselves or hide ourselves from enemies or from attack.
David Kong: We believe there are aspects that
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, you're cutting out
Timothy Sackton: your your ship is known to us. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: I can tell you something of
Timothy Sackton: how it was flown in the days of old.
Timothy Sackton: I believe.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: If you seek an instruction manual. You may be disappointed
Eric Rosenbaum: who
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker, looks around. digs deep into a pocket.
Eric Rosenbaum: What about these?
Eric Rosenbaum: Takes out a
Eric Rosenbaum: set of colored crystal stones that he recommends as the binding stones.
Timothy Sackton: Those are extremely unusual.
Timothy Sackton: How did you come by such items?
Eric Rosenbaum: They are not to be clear on offer of other things, to exchange what I'd like to know
Eric Rosenbaum: is about the use of these things, the
Eric Rosenbaum: proper control of the powers functionally, so that we can use them to do lines.
Timothy Sackton: I could tell you much of those
Timothy Sackton: it would take some time.
Timothy Sackton: Their history is not a pleasant one.
Eric Rosenbaum: There are way for you to convey message to us from afar, supposing we need to leave because we don't need to.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, of course. that is not a problem.
Eric Rosenbaum: and perhaps we might make a deal on it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Investigation of the use.
Eric Rosenbaum: The story and history of interest are are of interest, but the the functionality and use of these stones is our special
Eric Rosenbaum: concern.
Timothy Sackton: What would you offer for this knowledge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ellis
Eric Rosenbaum: Mace?
David Kong: Metagame? Should we perhaps ask about the thing we like the the the most crazy secret first like. Ask for the rise stuff first, and then see if he'll give us the mace.
Mike Sackton: I don't think the maces are most interesting or best thing to offer them. Actually, I think the spellbox will be more compelling to them.
David Kong: Okay, alright, let's do it then.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know about the bargaining strategy here.
Mike Sackton: Probably no big deal, but now we've already got it, too, so like we don't need to change it. Della, take out the base and show it to them.
Timothy Sackton: picks it up and looks at it
Timothy Sackton: takes takes a few minutes.
Timothy Sackton: You traffic in some.
Timothy Sackton: perhaps. Shall we say? Slightly questionable magic?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's more than questionable.
Mike Sackton: We, of course. would prefer
Mike Sackton: honorable and
Mike Sackton: safe resting places, or the things that seem to
Mike Sackton: unpleasant to actually use.
Eric Rosenbaum: We trust you aren't going to take this thing into battle.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, this is a this is a fair trade for information
Timothy Sackton: I refer to these stones, but the dwarf holds.
Timothy Sackton: but I will tell you their lore.
Timothy Sackton: I mean takes the mace
3,
Timothy Sackton: and he like sort of holds it up, and it kind of you vaguely think you see like a
Timothy Sackton:  another person in a white robe sort of drift by, and the maze vanishes. And he he takes this scroll out, that's, you know, around his waist, and he unrolls that.
Timothy Sackton: I can tell you
Timothy Sackton: a little of the story of these stones. Now, what is known to us.
Timothy Sackton: and I can tell you more
Timothy Sackton: in a week, or maybe 2,
Timothy Sackton: after our inquiries are complete.
Timothy Sackton: These stones
Timothy Sackton: they are.
Timothy Sackton: They're designed. They're created to
Timothy Sackton: in prison almost anything.
Mike Sackton: anything.
Timothy Sackton: almost anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: how to imprison almost anything.
David: anything that whose name begins with the letter B through Z.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that's what I was. Gonna ask, what about things that this name begins with the letter a almost anything
Timothy Sackton: they can.
Timothy Sackton:  the only things that can
Timothy Sackton: not be imprisoned.
Timothy Sackton: Those who have
Timothy Sackton:  strong enough
Timothy Sackton: magic or force of will to destroy the most powerful spells that have ever existed.
Eric Rosenbaum: How does one destroy a spell?
Timothy Sackton:  if you can cast it? Can anybody who can cast ninth level. The spell magic can so a poly on in cast? Probably not most people
Eric Rosenbaum: that is, almost anybody.
Timothy Sackton: And when these stones are brought together
Timothy Sackton: in the right way. They allow you to
Timothy Sackton: chain a creature with heavy chains that firmly root them to the ground.
Timothy Sackton: making it impossible for them to move or be moved by any means.
Eric Rosenbaum: sounds familiar
Timothy Sackton: or
okay.
Timothy Sackton: they can force the creature into a slumber that cannot be broken
auxiliary.
Timothy Sackton: or they can in tune the creature far beneath the earth.
Timothy Sackton: in a impenetrable sphere
Timothy Sackton: that cannot that of which nothing can pass through
Timothy Sackton: even using magic.
Timothy Sackton: But this magic.
Timothy Sackton: It requires.
Timothy Sackton: There are 2 limitations.
Timothy Sackton: When this prison is constructed there must be a way for the prison to end. There must be some condition.
Timothy Sackton: something that allows the imprisonment to end does not have to be something obvious.
Timothy Sackton: does not have to be something
Timothy Sackton:  does not have to be something that one could deduce straightforwardly.
Timothy Sackton: But it must be something that has some probability of coming to pass.
Timothy Sackton: The present is otherwise. Internal.
Timothy Sackton: can only be broken by this specific condition, or
Timothy Sackton: by the most powerful spells, most powerful, the spell magic that one can cast. There's no other way anywhere else in the world.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry the condition is that
Eric Rosenbaum: something to be met within the prison or outside it, or anywhere.
Timothy Sackton: could be something like
Timothy Sackton: If certain words are recited in the presence of the imprisoned creature, or
Timothy Sackton: if
prayer is said to
Timothy Sackton: a specific deity in the presence of
Timothy Sackton: the imprisoned creature, or a certain poem is recited by a certain person
Timothy Sackton: of a certain ancestry
Timothy Sackton: or a
Timothy Sackton: it could be
Timothy Sackton: if the imprisoned creature's name is said by
Timothy Sackton: 15 people.
Timothy Sackton: You know the correct locations. Something
Eric Rosenbaum: I see
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: rarely are these
Timothy Sackton: prisons truly eternal. although it is conceivably possible to
Timothy Sackton: hold someone for older creature for
Timothy Sackton: almost eternity. In this manner
Eric Rosenbaum: there are 5 stones.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can you tell me what each one does.
Timothy Sackton: This will require further study. I believe that the specific arrangement and ordering of the stones
to do with
Timothy Sackton: the kind of prison that is constructed.
Eric Rosenbaum: But there are 2 additional stones.
Timothy Sackton: but I'm not sure quite how they fit into this scheme.
David Kong: Alright! These are the. These are the stones on Halgarh's crown.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll be eager to learn your results. We are.
Eric Rosenbaum: We wish to make another such transaction.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: that is.
Mike Sackton: there is one, I'm sure is known to you.
Mike Sackton: who lived some time ago by the name of Rye.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I believe we spoke of that person and party a few nights ago.
Mike Sackton: Oh, sorry! I forgot that.
Mike Sackton: I should have read the session notes.  we are.
Mike Sackton: We know some things of what has happened to him
Mike Sackton: since the end of the Great War what he's been doing.
Mike Sackton: but we wish to know more. We wish to learn. in particular
Mike Sackton: out his jade hand, and what might have happened to it. What happened in the desert when he tried to cleanse the plague glands?
Mike Sackton: A.
And
Mike Sackton: how
Mike Sackton: or why he might have been.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: keeping a polyon in prison.
David Kong: and also
David Kong: the jade hand was shattered. Some 30 years ago
David Kong: we would love to learn the precise location of its pieces.
Timothy Sackton: Now, indeed, we get to true secret history.
Timothy Sackton: What do you have to offer?
Mike Sackton: Wow! First, I'll take out the Tahn chicoor.
Mike Sackton: This was from Griffiskel's horde
Timothy Sackton: that is of interest.
Timothy Sackton: I will not get you the full answer you seek.
Mike Sackton: I'll kind of glance at the party like should keep going.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, okay, I'll take out the spell gem.
Mike Sackton: Actually, no
Eric Rosenbaum: secrets is making different faces like Jay White Spellbook, Kathy's Jay White Spellbook.
Mike Sackton: I'll put that next to the Grimware.
Mike Sackton: 2 books of magic surely better than one.
David Kong: surely.
Eric Rosenbaum: like the old saying goes.
yes.
Timothy Sackton: you have asked thy count. maybe 4 or 5 questions.
David: and in return, dozens, dozens upon dozens of pages.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Timothy Sackton: which would you like to know most about
Timothy Sackton: the locations of the hands? The history of the play glands, the
Timothy Sackton: imprisonment of
Timothy Sackton: rise role in the imprisonment of what you ask. You asked about the imprisonment.
Mike Sackton: Wow!
Mike Sackton: We know some of these things. Do you know where we could share some of the information we know that you may not.
Timothy Sackton: I doubt there is information you know, that we don't have.
David Kong: There's definitely information that we know that you you do not have.
Timothy Sackton: it is possible.
David Kong: unless unless you've directly encountered a polyon in the plate of souls
David Kong: as I have?
Mike Sackton: Or
Mike Sackton: have you held any of the pieces of raids, rise hands.
Mike Sackton: and seen his visions
Timothy Sackton: me.
Mike Sackton: I am less interested in experiencing these terrorists.
Timothy Sackton: I would not wish to encounter in Polyon, in the dream world that seems
David Kong: risky. Well, the point is is that through these direct experiences we have very, very
David Kong: rare knowledge.
Timothy Sackton: And should someone come asking about that rare knowledge.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps I will be in touch.
David Kong: Well, it seems that your your guild is
David Kong: Is you traded such secrets, and for us to try to understand the complete story of what we're asking for. We sell secrets for magic.
David Kong: correct.
Mike Sackton: Kenza. Perhaps you could allow
Mike Sackton: us to consult the moment. See if there's anything else we would offer.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed.
Timothy Sackton: you are welcome to. And he steps up and takes a step back from the table.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: we have a third item we're trying to get rid of. Do we really have another question we care about?
David: If you want more than what we offered to get the right related questions.
Mike Sackton: II think he's only gonna give us. We asked about his hands a poly on the wake lens.
Mike Sackton: Now maybe we I think he's only gonna give us 2 of those for the 2 items. Now, maybe we don't care about the playwrights. What more is there to know?
David: Yeah.
David Kong: Inventory?
Mike Sackton: But we also did ask about his familiar, I guess? I asked. I asked. I guess I asked about his
Mike Sackton: what he's been doing since the Great War, how he imprisoned Poly, and what happened to his hand? What he was doing in the play glands and is familiar.
David Kong: Well, II think I think maybe connected all this, how do we? How do we imprison him again, or keep him in prison? That those are like? Very. That's like the very kind of what's the word
David Kong: applied knowledge we seek.
Mike Sackton: But I don't think he's gonna tell us that right like he he already told us he's not gonna give us advice
David Kong: right? Right? Right, do we? I guess, do we? Wanna?
Mike Sackton: Well, II think I think, knowing what the hell Ry did before is useful, because if we get all the pieces of his hand together, then you know what I mean. It's like, right? And honestly, do we actually need to know about the pieces of his hand except the one in the jungle.
David Kong: Oh, I think so. Yeah, it's like, just we know we know it's like in some jade forest in the ocean where the fuck is that, and like we're the you know what I mean. It's like a jade. Don't we know where the jade forest in the ocean is.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's west of chartin, if you believe Thomas Hawk.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I totally believe Thomas Hawk.
David Kong: Oh, man, OP absolutely totally trustworthy now. But if I can get my very specific information on this, that'd be very. But maybe we could ask some really
Mike Sackton: specific information like, Where is the jade forest west of Jardin. That might be a lot cheaper.
Mike Sackton: right? We could trade him like a potion for that or something. We get clear on what we know. It's gonna be easy.
David Kong: There's also a marsh tea.
Mike Sackton: What's the deal? Did you kill Marsha? Oh.
Mike Sackton: that's that's another question I'd love to ask about right. That's why I want to save some of our stuff.
David: No
Mike Sackton: right? Like, I mean, unless we want to start giving away useful things.
Mike Sackton: But I don't think we want to start giving way useful things.
Mike Sackton: just trying to think if we have anything we could, we could give away the obsidian fly. How do you feel about that?
David: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I know you do. Well, I know you do. That's why I ask you.
David: We can give away the obsidian fly. Welby reluctantly says.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: I mean it has sentimental value. It's true it does. But
Mike Sackton: we we could give them one of our prisoners from the mirror. I don't think they want the prisoners themselves right. It's not a magic item.
Eric Rosenbaum: a Wyvern, I mean
Mike Sackton: waiver, and we could ask. So
Mike Sackton: II would suggest that we ask him to focus the question
Mike Sackton: on a few key things.
Mike Sackton: what happened to the piece of the hand and will be specific. The pieces of the hand that ended up in the jade forest.
Mike Sackton: the the jade forest in the ocean, and the jungle.
Mike Sackton: and like exactly like directions to those places. And what rye has been do? What was Ry doing with the hand
Mike Sackton: since
Mike Sackton: between the the the end of the great War? And now? And how was he keeping a poly on. Of course, I think learning about how he was doing it. It's probably our best bet.
Mike Sackton: like they're not gonna tell us how we fix it right? They're not gonna be like, Oh, well, you rep. But they might explain how it works.
Mike Sackton: That's only that's only 2 things right. And then we'll reserve
Mike Sackton: possibilities for more questions. If we have followed.
Mike Sackton: and then we can ask about match 2 as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: It doesn't seem that important actually
Mike Sackton: ashtrive.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, kind of a local concern.
Mike Sackton: But you know there's all these fun places to go
Mike Sackton: all right. I'll turn back to him.
Timothy Sackton: Comes and sits down again. Yes.
Mike Sackton: we have consulted.
Mike Sackton: and we know much about some of the questions we're asking. So I think we would prefer to direct your
Mike Sackton: answers and attentions to the areas where we
Mike Sackton: are lacking in knowledge specifically
Mike Sackton: what Rye was doing to keep a poly on prison, and how
Mike Sackton: what he was doing since the Great War, particularly how he was imprisoning a polyamor.
Mike Sackton: and what happens to his hand? Particularly
Mike Sackton: what happened to those pieces of his hands that fell
Mike Sackton: into the jade forest
Mike Sackton: and the jungle.
Timothy Sackton: He looks down at his school. He seems to be reading for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: The fate of Rye's hand will
Timothy Sackton: take considerable thought.
Timothy Sackton: not an easy problem
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: the jade forest you're referring to is the underwater forest where they grow names.
Mike Sackton: That's the one that is the one
Timothy Sackton: that is not a challenge.
Timothy Sackton: Give you that for free
Timothy Sackton: west of Chardon.
Mike Sackton: Tim wants us to go there.
Timothy Sackton: No, this just there's like 4 different ways. You could have found this out, so it's not worth charging the magic item for it.
Timothy Sackton: West Chartin. There is a
Timothy Sackton: peninsula
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: that juts out from the
Timothy Sackton: from the western shore into the endless ocean.
Timothy Sackton: It's never been conquered by Drankor or Bunchardo.
Timothy Sackton: Part of the reason is that
Timothy Sackton: the western posts of that peninsula
Timothy Sackton: are protected
Timothy Sackton: by
Timothy Sackton: guess. You would call it them.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm! They're not human
Timothy Sackton: murfolk, but also other creatures of the sea. And even
Timothy Sackton: so, the rumor says, although should you wish to learn more. It would be expensive. the ocean itself
Mike Sackton: said to have a mind of its own Guido
David Kong: fancy and ocean.
Timothy Sackton: but that
Timothy Sackton: ocean, the shallow seas to the west of that peninsula.
Timothy Sackton: one of the famous landmarks in those shallow seas
Timothy Sackton: famous to the right people, I should say.
Timothy Sackton: is.
Timothy Sackton: it's not exactly a forest of jade. It's a
Timothy Sackton: it's a forest of
Timothy Sackton: kelp and living stone coral
Timothy Sackton: where they grow names.
Timothy Sackton: It is almost exactly if you go do west from from chartin
Timothy Sackton:  about
Timothy Sackton: 6, 700 miles.
Timothy Sackton: maybe
Timothy Sackton: 100 miles 150 miles off the the western coast of that peninsula.
Timothy Sackton: You won't mess up.
Timothy Sackton: I'm sure there are plenty of people in Chardon who can tell you more of such place.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Timothy Sackton: the location of this fragment of jade in a lush rainforest that you describe
Timothy Sackton: that will take some careful thinking.
Timothy Sackton: There are few rainforests that meet that description, even that I am aware of
Timothy Sackton: the southern coast of what was once
Timothy Sackton: joined car. now a rainforest
Timothy Sackton: far to the east there are rainforests, and in the strange lands of the South.
Timothy Sackton: but these are not well known to us.
Timothy Sackton: and it will be it will not be quick.
Timothy Sackton: I will do the best I can.
Timothy Sackton: even if I cannot narrow a specific location down to give you the information
Timothy Sackton: we might need to perhaps find this thing.
Timothy Sackton: Now the question of Apion and his imprisonment.
Timothy Sackton: and rise rolling, that
Timothy Sackton: much of the history of Apollion is not, in fact, secret. and has been recorded.
Timothy Sackton: He looks at Darwith. Many of your people, in fact. I am sure, still have records.
Mike Sackton: We, of course, are looking for that information which is not recorded specifically
Mike Sackton: and more precisely whatever we can learn about what happened between Apollian and Schmut at the around the time of the great War.
Mike Sackton: Whatever happened after the great war
Mike Sackton: with between Rai and polygamy.
Mike Sackton: I'm sure the Alves do not have tales of some of these things.
Timothy Sackton: No stories of your people are aldar. The original
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: War is between Shamat and Apollion.
Timothy Sackton: This will also require some when he looks down in those notes.
Timothy Sackton: This will also require some research. I can tell you one key thing.
Timothy Sackton: A Polyon
Timothy Sackton: stores his essence, his life force
Timothy Sackton: somewhere else.
Timothy Sackton: Not so if you kill him. he will not die less. The magic that holds its life force is destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: and yet he is also bound to it.
Timothy Sackton: and I believe
Timothy Sackton: that both
Timothy Sackton: Ryan Schmott
Timothy Sackton: had a way to
Timothy Sackton: to somehow.
Timothy Sackton: in trap or in prison, or holds this life force
Timothy Sackton: that he could never
Timothy Sackton: could never be far from it, he could never feed souls to it. He could never grow stronger.
Timothy Sackton: and over the course of this long imprisonment he was much weakened.
Timothy Sackton: and has now
Timothy Sackton: growing stronger and stronger as he is able to
Timothy Sackton: move further and further about, drank or
Timothy Sackton: strengthen
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: object that bears his
Timothy Sackton: undead essence.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: imprisonment involved this object, not a poly on himself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: And it was by
Timothy Sackton: weakening and binding this object that a Polyon was trapped.
Timothy Sackton: But I will have to consult
Timothy Sackton: and investigate. to tell you more about how this was done
Timothy Sackton: and what this was, this
Timothy Sackton: binding of Apollions
Timothy Sackton: undead essence that is the source of his strength, and also prevents him from dying.
David Kong: Is this a physical object in the material plane?
Timothy Sackton: I do not know if it is anymore when Rai.
David Kong: I believe.
Timothy Sackton: although it will take me time. To be sure this is the case.
Timothy Sackton: Rye grasped this object in his hand
Timothy Sackton: in some metaphysical sense.
Timothy Sackton: and it was, rise magic.
Timothy Sackton: like Cap. Debt.
Timothy Sackton: from being the source of Napoleon's power.
Timothy Sackton: do not know if it can be destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: Find this object and destroy it.
Timothy Sackton: A polyon can be killed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: The inquest.
David Kong: We are greatly curious as to the nature and location of the subject
Timothy Sackton: that may be
Timothy Sackton: secret history that even I cannot reveal.
Timothy Sackton: I would need.
Timothy Sackton: perhaps, if I had the hand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps if you had the hand.
Mike Sackton: perhaps as an object in your possession.
David Kong: Right right, Penza. Kind of looks up at a staff. And kind of points, just takes the takes the head and points it over, and sort of just glances knowingly at the 2 pieces together
David Kong: at the top of the staff.
David Kong: Might these be of use
David Kong: for your inquiry?
Timothy Sackton: Do not think you wish to part with them.
Timothy Sackton: I will investigate where I can.
Timothy Sackton: and tell you more when I learn at
Timothy Sackton: somehow, though
Timothy Sackton: those fragments.
Timothy Sackton: this sole jar of Apollons
Timothy Sackton: and Shamat's imprisonment, are bound together.
Timothy Sackton: and it was the fragmentation of Rise Prison that allowed Apollion to begin regaining his power.
David Kong: Met again real quick. So we've got 2 pieces piece in the jungle. There's a piece in the jade forest. Where's the where's the fifth piece again.
David Kong: Ersk in the north?
Timothy Sackton: You do recall now, Kenza, that when you saw a polyon in the dream world
Timothy Sackton: there was like part of him that was missing. That was that like you were like, there's something not quite right, like he's not. There's a part of him that's shielded
Timothy Sackton: was absent.
David Kong: Yeah, yeah.
David Kong: Was it discernible or just just that? Just a sensation that something was was not quite there.
Timothy Sackton: That is probably what Delivers is talking about right? There's some some he's got some, you know.
Timothy Sackton: soul jar somewhere where
David Kong: that he can return to, and he cannot be destroyed until he cannot be destroyed until that is destroyed. Right is it also like if he gets reunited with it, or like even for Super Fox.
Timothy Sackton: He's our, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: that's why he's getting stronger, right? He wasn't renated with it 30 years ago. He just was really weak because
Timothy Sackton: he had been traps unable to access it for
David Kong: 1,000 years.
David Kong: So wait. Just do we still know yet like what?
David Kong: Because 30 years ago. Rise, hands, explodes, and then that is his hand. Exploding is what's precipitated.
David Kong: Apollon is growing power. He's now able. Do we know what? How? Why, is how? What caused the android's flow? What was did you read that I was trying to clean, to do something about the place to like
Mike Sackton: with with the bishop amongst the Bishop in in the link Tim sent us. It recounts what he was. He was trying to cleanse the play glands from their plagueiness, but it turns out that the abyss or some other dark plane, was like tightly wrapped with the material plane. So his attempt to cleanse it failed.
Mike Sackton: And then he
David Kong: basically had to destroy his hand base. All kinds of bad things happen once that happened right? Okay.
Mike Sackton: But as far as we know. the attempt to clean cleanse the playgrounds was
Mike Sackton: somewhat independent.
see?
Mike Sackton: Ie. It was just something that Rye was trying to do, because the playgrounds are bad.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: right? It wasn't like it was related to a polyon. And yeah, a polynom was presumed to be just imprisoned.
Mike Sackton: So ry organizes like, let's try and fix the world kind of thing.
Mike Sackton: It goes badly. And then that allows a polyon to start to
Mike Sackton: to get back his soul jar and start to.
David Kong: Yeah, gain his power. Right?
David Kong: So
David Kong: yeah, go ahead. No. So we need to rebuild, rise hands, and then but then what like?
David Kong: Find the soul jar.
David Kong: destroy it.
Mike Sackton: So we either find the soul, jar, destroy it, and then kill a polyon.
Mike Sackton: or we find a way to retrap the soldier. So Polyon can't access his power, and he goes back to being trapped.
Mike Sackton: we should probably kill a poly right like I mean.
David Kong: if we can do it. Sure, what happens to a person that drinks what's in the soul jar
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker can't break you anywhere, just asking questions, just asking questions.
Mike Sackton: That's how it always I think they turn into a demi litch under the control
Timothy Sackton: of the mainland. Nice!
Mike Sackton: Can we just drop his soul, John? One of these, a sold job, boy, if you will.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing! You win for the night.
David Kong: So, but if we rebuild, rise, and what does that get us
David Kong: that lets us like we still need to find the location of the soldier.
David Kong: Maybe if we
Mike Sackton: give Rya's hand back he can do something cool.
David Kong: right.
Mike Sackton: Sarah brilliant.
Timothy Sackton: totally brilliant player character. You would have finished this campaign in like a week we have shown the pieces of ride to the mirror.
Mike Sackton: but each piece
David Kong: right well cause the the pee. The fragment maybe, only exists, since it's a fragment. It doesn't know if itself, as before, mirror has a logic. Yes.
David Kong: okay. all right. So it's becoming more and more clear that we really need to get these fucking pieces. We need to go find these fucking pieces. We have a plan right?
Mike Sackton: So Frosh Gate Ocean
Mike Sackton: Fausto.
Mike Sackton: back here. Get the rest of the information about the the
Mike Sackton: the other information the philosophers go give us that takes a while right, and then go up to Ersk, and then the jungle, and then back here.
Mike Sackton: and then we'll go from there
Eric Rosenbaum: and go drinks all done.
Timothy Sackton: or you could just use the binding stance to bind to poly on. No, but he can cast lines over the snow. Magic. That's right.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I assume he's at 18 level mage 70, wizard
Mike Sackton: maybe we could use the binding stones on Fausto or what levels. Fasto? Oh, he's definitely not he. We could totally use the binding stuff, that fastow.
David Kong: We're crossing the mirror, too.
Mike Sackton: I gosh! We should just kill. But the bindings doesn't foul. So a touch of like
Mike Sackton: that's
Mike Sackton: dark, but kind of appealingly dark.
Nice.
Mike Sackton: There's no way he's he would have toasted us, I mean, we fought him, and we didn't die instant if he could. If he we were only Tenth level. If he could cast ninth level spells, he would just cast a wish and make us all dead or something.
David Kong: Wow. So we kind of have clarity on what we're supposed to do now.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I'm sure it's gonna be a straight line from here, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Feels like it.
Mike Sackton: I mean, well, the jade ocean we're gonna go to this cool peninsula that's never been conquered by anybody like 18 side quests there. But now we know what's the side quest.
David Kong: That's true. The the main quest is clarified right well, except that when we come back here I want to go deal with match. I want to go find all match to things we we could. We have a
Mike Sackton: other items we could totally give.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tikrit looks around. This is sad. strange people. Strange place! It's hard to
Eric Rosenbaum: It's disorienting other people?
Eric Rosenbaum: Are they watching? Are they listening? Are they not?
Eric Rosenbaum: Are we truly private? Here?
Timothy Sackton: We speak of many secrets here.
Eric Rosenbaum: me secrets.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: it is best, if not everybody but those they are Dustin. Before I hear them
Eric Rosenbaum: you can trust this conversation will not be repeated.
Eric Rosenbaum: What, I wonder is, if
Eric Rosenbaum: the history that is secret to me of my own beloved younger brother
Eric Rosenbaum: is secret history that might be of study to you.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: We could investigate.
Eric Rosenbaum: make no promises. Surely story full of dead ends for me.
Timothy Sackton: What would you wish to know?
Eric Rosenbaum: I have reason to believe that he is trapped in the elemental plane of fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I don't know if that's true.
David Kong: or how he ended up there.
Eric Rosenbaum: or what might the secrets be of? Why, he's being held there now.
Timothy Sackton: There is
Timothy Sackton: some parts of that question that we might be able to answer.
Timothy Sackton: Motives are difficult
Eric Rosenbaum: if he is alive and being held in the plane of fire.
Timothy Sackton: why that is.
Timothy Sackton: that might be hard for us to answer.
David Kong: But if
Timothy Sackton: that is true, and if it is not true where he is.
Timothy Sackton: but I think we could do.
Eric Rosenbaum: How it happened, perhaps as well
Timothy Sackton: for the right gift.
Eric Rosenbaum:  I look over it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know why I'm looking at Dell, left to consult on magic items. But
Mike Sackton: I take out the spell gem. I think it's okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that.
Eric Rosenbaum: But deal with is that Jem too much to offer for this.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's not giving much in this case.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps there's something lesser, perhaps something smaller.
Mike Sackton: I'll sort of
Eric Rosenbaum: the gym. So they have these classifications. Metagame. The gem is.
Mike Sackton: major. It's rare. I don't think it's classified actually to never told us what it was.
Mike Sackton: How about such a small thing? Maybe
Eric Rosenbaum: give them the ever spinning top, and then come back and steal it back from
Eric Rosenbaum:  the.
Mike Sackton: we actually don't have a lot of things in the party that I would really want to get rid of.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like, yeah, the floating disk and the tea kettle.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you could always give up your floating disk.
Eric Rosenbaum: and we've never used it. Basically
Mike Sackton: true. Use it once it was critical for getting. But at this point we're powerful enough that it may not be you could offer that up.
Mike Sackton: It's your seekers. It's seekers history you're after.
Mike Sackton: and the out chemical tea kettle is funny, but has never been useful for anything I don't think.
Timothy Sackton: Well, it's also why you don't have to carry tons of water on skyship, though.
Mike Sackton: Oh, we use it on the Sky Ship. We do use it supplies, although, although I can warwock, spellcast, create water. So like, right? That's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that essentially effortless?
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: it's like, yeah. Before bad, I could just test it. But it's it is effectively effortless. But then the tkal gives us a variety of beverages to choose. It does. It does.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's not gonna be just us on the boat, you know, so sorry. I'll give him the floating disc coin.
Eric Rosenbaum: or offer that in exchange for what I can learn about.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if I can tell you. I can tell you.
Timothy Sackton: if your suspicion is true.
Timothy Sackton: and if not, where he is. For this. I don't know how much history of his life I will be able to inform you of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: How he got there might be
Timothy Sackton: difficult if he is there
Timothy Sackton: which, if you wish to go seek him, you'll need to know more than just the elemental plane of fire. It's a big place.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: bellweth. What about the armband?
Mike Sackton: If you
Mike Sackton: I have no wish for it.
Mike Sackton: it's just memories for me. If if you think there is no
Mike Sackton: value in exploring its uses.
Mike Sackton: I gave it to you. Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know we talked about this, Tim, but I don't remember. Is there anything that could be done with it? I don't think so. I mean, if you ever wanna
Timothy Sackton: some in the hobgoblin army.
Eric Rosenbaum: the other side of it has a hub, gobbling army still trapped in the shadow.
Eric Rosenbaum: cause you never know when you're gonna need to have that one.
Mike Sackton: you know. The more secret talks.
David Kong: the more
Mike Sackton: the more. What is that you broke up there. I didn't hear that, but I just said the more sense he makes something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum:  he's just a chaotic pragmatist who's easily distracted.
Eric Rosenbaum: So hard to give up things.
Mike Sackton: It is
Eric Rosenbaum: we want to know things.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: He didn't say he would tell you nothing for the just go for the foot and give him the coin.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? So he says. you know, again, he'll need to investigate. What he can tell you is, Frank are definitely alive somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: Anonymous land
David Kong: that's huge
Eric Rosenbaum: seekers. Anything else you wish to know?
A.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's that?
Timothy Sackton: Anything else you wish to know
Eric Rosenbaum: about Frank Carr, or about
Timothy Sackton: any any other questions for me before our time is over.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then we have other questions.
Mike Sackton: Well, wait. Why did we? Why did we save our good magic item? I guess we don't really have more questions.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just looking at our
David Kong: oh, did we ask about where Dematar is?
David Kong: Oh, did it? Dematar isn't where I is now
Mike Sackton: well, as far as you know, rise and drank, or
Mike Sackton: I think we should. I think we can always come back and ask him more question. II feel like it would be nice to do something else tonight. We'll be back here.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you
Timothy Sackton:  say, say your goodbyes and and get up, and you realize it's now like
Timothy Sackton: past lunchtime, probably 2, 3 in the afternoon, and
Timothy Sackton: Belinda is coming over in
Timothy Sackton: like a few hours for dinner. So
Timothy Sackton: hurry back to the skyship, and and sort of get
Timothy Sackton: set up, and.
Timothy Sackton: and.
you know, prepared to host him
Timothy Sackton:  and
Timothy Sackton: settle in
Timothy Sackton: you know, around 5 or 6 that evening.
Timothy Sackton:  Melinda.
Timothy Sackton: Melinda comes over and he's so. You've met him a few times, but he is this sort of ageless elf.
Timothy Sackton: and he's you've invited him so he he wanted to to have dinner, in part because there's another elf who's visiting Toland Elvis.
Timothy Sackton: she is younger she's was. She's like only a hundred or so or 115. Something like that. And she has been visiting Toland for the past week or 2
Timothy Sackton: from from our, and moss as melendar is as well.
Timothy Sackton: So they both come in. She's she's a painter, and she's wearing this like very sort of elegantly colored robes, a cloak.
Timothy Sackton: the quote toss, toss back with this very intricate sort of painted silk design.
Timothy Sackton: They're both quite interested in the in the sky shift, and you know, Melinda. have it
Timothy Sackton: looks around a bit and kind of you know they both settle in, make small talk that sort of thing.
Timothy Sackton: The the woman's name is Elvis.
Timothy Sackton: She's been in Tolin for the past week or so, but
Timothy Sackton: for the past 4 years she's been traveling around the green sea
Timothy Sackton: kind of trying to explore
Timothy Sackton: just new art that hasn't been
Timothy Sackton: dreamed by the elves before. Basically, an Eldon, modern artist.
Timothy Sackton:  so
Timothy Sackton: they settle in. They introduce themselves.
Timothy Sackton: where are you serving?
Mike Sackton: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna go with
Mike Sackton: something something like not traditional.
right? Like
Mike Sackton: something from like something from the
Mike Sackton: whatever I'm actually gonna do like at a collecting mix of human dishes from places we've been right like Denmark and and
Mike Sackton: The I spent a while with the den right like a little bit of a
Mike Sackton: especially if she's an artist seeking new things. This is where you should try and set me up
David Kong: are much more like dealt with speed than centers.
David Kong: Alright cool that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So you know, like top us style like sharing plates and things right like
Mike Sackton: I'll send my my link set to collect boot to to make a nice meal.
You're
Timothy Sackton: so they Ballinger says, you know compliments you on on the food and  They they chat for a bit.
Timothy Sackton: I always tell you.
Timothy Sackton: She she notes Kenzo's tattoos
Timothy Sackton: and mentions that she has been interested in
Timothy Sackton:  basically trying to, you know. Figure out if there are
Timothy Sackton: colors are those ways that she can
Timothy Sackton:  use the sort of magical inks that
Timothy Sackton: the tattoo artists and tollen use, but to make living paintings, to make art that is not static.
Mike Sackton: It's in motion, whether it's abstract or whether it's
Timothy Sackton:  Somehow, in conversation with the
Timothy Sackton: viewer
Timothy Sackton: portrait, where
Timothy Sackton:  The person that's painted smiles or laughs or
Timothy Sackton: frowns, depending on the mood of the viewer.
Timothy Sackton: So she's been talking to some Dires guilt people, and kind of
Timothy Sackton: notes. Your tattoo and and right cause you have the magical excess lets you kind of shape that tattoo right?
Mike Sackton: Penzo.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it does. Yeah.
David Kong: The magical link. Isn't that
David Kong: no magical ink that lets you your tattoo can like animate slightly, and
David Kong: Penzo kind of shows the shows, the the tattoo in action.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: where are you heading next? Melinda asks.
Mike Sackton: We were hoping to visit
Mike Sackton: probably us, or is that. or in moss or in? Was sorry I was forgetting the name.
Timothy Sackton: Alice. Kind of chimes in have you never been?
Mike Sackton: I have not.
Timothy Sackton: you are. Enjoy it.
Timothy Sackton: Where did where did you grow up?
Mike Sackton: Forget the name, Tim and and Yumara
Mike Sackton: in the West?
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: it is beautiful there, or so I've been told.
Timothy Sackton: or was beautiful.
Timothy Sackton: but our losses.
Timothy Sackton: When you
Timothy Sackton: walk in the forest there you can feel almost as if Aubinar is there. If the age of creation is still unfolding around you.
Timothy Sackton: and early on
Timothy Sackton: the oldest city in the world. I believe
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: it is. It is truly
Timothy Sackton: beautiful and
Timothy Sackton: unmatched even by the cities of the West in the days before the war. It's a
Timothy Sackton: you should definitely visit.
Mike Sackton: I intend to.
Timothy Sackton: Are you bringing your friends?
Mike Sackton: Yes. we were planning on it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Heading
Mike Sackton: south from here.
Timothy Sackton: Keep a close eye on them.
Timothy Sackton: The forest does not
Timothy Sackton: permit outsiders to pass.
Timothy Sackton: Make sure you guide them. They do not wander off, or they may be lost forever
Mike Sackton: understood.
Timothy Sackton: I'm sure the trees will recognize you as one of us.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I am.
Timothy Sackton: I am thrilled to think
Timothy Sackton: it. It is always a pleasure to meet people who
Timothy Sackton: not experienced yet the joys.
Timothy Sackton: the beauty that you have seen and
Timothy Sackton: anticipate the reaction of them, seeing and feeling that beauty for themselves.
Timothy Sackton: It is so rare. met any
Timothy Sackton: of our people who are not from our in-laws here
Timothy Sackton: to think of new elf seeing the city of Erleon, and makes me happy.
Timothy Sackton: There are so few of your people from the West to travel to our kingdom these days.
Mike Sackton: Have you met any from the West? I have not been
Mike Sackton: home for some time.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm! There are some.
Timothy Sackton: There's been some travelers, and
Timothy Sackton: and in early on
Timothy Sackton: that.
Timothy Sackton: The elders
Timothy Sackton: hmm!
Timothy Sackton: They could. They could
Timothy Sackton: tell you more. Perhaps
Timothy Sackton: I have been traveling for 5 years now, and and before I spend most of my time in the.
Timothy Sackton: in the glimmering grove in Loma, Lindy, the
Timothy Sackton: endless dreaming where one can dream colors that have no name.
Timothy Sackton: spend much of my
Timothy Sackton: years after the rite of awakening there, and
Timothy Sackton: I did not
Timothy Sackton: meet many of the travelers that that came to our kingdom. but I
Timothy Sackton: I think there have been some.
Timothy Sackton: A few of of my generation
Timothy Sackton: have found our way there.
Mike Sackton: I would
Mike Sackton: certainly
Mike Sackton: enjoy meeting.
Mike Sackton: I would
Mike Sackton: I would be interested in meeting  anyone
Mike Sackton: who might have known
Mike Sackton: my
Mike Sackton: people.
Mike Sackton: It's been you should go.
Mike Sackton: I intend to.
Mike Sackton: How'd you like the food?
Timothy Sackton: It was quite interesting
Timothy Sackton: cannot place that
Timothy Sackton: flavor this?
Timothy Sackton: Not from the green sea? Maybe.
Timothy Sackton: So. Western dish.
Mike Sackton: yes, from my travels.
You're
Timothy Sackton: you have traveled much among humans, I take it.
Mike Sackton: the last year. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: hmm! I find them very fascinating
you.
Timothy Sackton: They have so little time to make a mark on this world. And yet
Timothy Sackton: I tried so hard.
Timothy Sackton: Somehow they seem to do it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. I
Mike Sackton: it is. Certainly
Mike Sackton: it has been an interesting experience spending so much time with them.
Mike Sackton: There is
Mike Sackton: much that is good about them
Timothy Sackton: alright.
Timothy Sackton: Of course I
Timothy Sackton: never questioned that. II hmm!
Timothy Sackton: It seems like they
Timothy Sackton: they're
Timothy Sackton: I'm concerned with the consequences of what they do and
Timothy Sackton: just create. And there is great beauty that comes from that I have seen. and
Timothy Sackton: many places on my journey around the green Sea. I've seen people
Timothy Sackton: making art from
Timothy Sackton: anything
Timothy Sackton: seen that
Timothy Sackton: scare ice sculptures
Timothy Sackton: quite fascinating the way they can use magic and light to cause ice to take on so many different shimmering colors.
Timothy Sackton: Another place that is worth travelling if you have not been
Mike Sackton: ice sculptures of the scare.
the scare themselves
Mike Sackton: we have. We have visited the scare
Mike Sackton: they were. Our visit was too brief, I think. many things are too brief.
Mike Sackton: I find amongst the humans.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, even a year was not long enough to really understand.
Timothy Sackton: I am here hopefully for 2 or 3 years to
Timothy Sackton: no, they're not bashing humans.
Timothy Sackton: She's saying how great humans are.
Timothy Sackton: They're so interesting. You can study them
Timothy Sackton:  hopefully. I'll be here for a few years and
Timothy Sackton: really understand
Timothy Sackton: the the color of these inks that they produce here the  But maybe if you are
Timothy Sackton: traveling through Tolin in the future
Mike Sackton: could certainly stop by. We expect we'll be back here at some point.
Timothy Sackton: Your ship is.
Timothy Sackton: but I suspect. with a little work, it could be quite beautiful.
Mike Sackton: It's a little unfinished. It is quite unfinished. My
Mike Sackton: point over to seeker.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: my companions have actually added much to the ship Kenzo has handed to the garden and created
Mike Sackton: perhaps, the most beautiful part of the ship.
Mike Sackton: Well, bees maps are fascinating, and
Mike Sackton: his map room. A fascinating place to study the world
Mike Sackton: seekers. Stonework and
Mike Sackton: machinery is. I didn't say that alright. I'm gonna stop being nice to you people.
Mike Sackton: Only one of them is a human. That's true.
Mike Sackton:  because, you know, machinery is
Mike Sackton: There's much about the ship that is
Mike Sackton: fascinating, and I think, represents the best tag, are.
Mike Sackton: We'd be honored if you would add to it.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I'm not ready to.
Mike Sackton: perhaps, when you return in a year or 2, perhaps.
David Kong: Oh, I just had a great an idea, Tim. Kenzo's gonna start a wall of stories.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
David Kong: Like the unabridged version of the staff. But like like
David Kong: this will be the Bishma, like wall stories inside the inside the stone ship. It's a great project.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So dinner wraps up.
Timothy Sackton:  they leave satisfied.
Timothy Sackton: Melinda, you know, pulls you aside as as you're leaving, and and hands you up. says if you're if you're going to, or unless I would appreciate if you would bring some messages home. There are some
Timothy Sackton: missives that are
Timothy Sackton: sometimes too complicated or lengthy, or
Timothy Sackton:  not urgent to trust to
Timothy Sackton: magic
Timothy Sackton: not worth spending magic on. If you would take some messages that have accumulated over the past
Timothy Sackton: few seasons back, it would be a great favor to me.
Mike Sackton: Yes, of course.
Timothy Sackton: Hands you a pouch has, you know, bunch of like scrolls and letters and notes in it with
Timothy Sackton: like addressed and stuff, and
Timothy Sackton: mostly I mean, they're all sealed right. But
Timothy Sackton: messenger bag type thing.
Timothy Sackton: and then they they disappear. And you you
Timothy Sackton: tend to clean up and everything.
Timothy Sackton:  So I'd like to. I'd like to role play fadrick showing up, and then
Timothy Sackton: but maybe if we want to take a short break, we take a little break now and then do that, and then
Timothy Sackton: I want to take like 15 min the end to just get a list of all the stuff you want to do in total. And but we don't have to like role play all the like
Timothy Sackton: hiring people that will work on the ship or whatever you're gonna do right.
Timothy Sackton: So people want like a 5 min break. Now
David: I gotta call it here and go to bed. I think I can find myself fading, but enjoy. Do the things, find out all the secrets, and then, you know, catch me up on the next. Yep.
David Kong: Schwartz, I'll make sure that that we don't sell Baxter. I know that seeker. And well, I'll be here. What they're gonna want to do. But I'm gonna I'll protect Baxter. Don't worry.
David: Good. Excellent. Thank you. Good night. Feel better.
Timothy Sackton: Would do you want to just keep going? Or do you want to take a break? What do people want to do
Mike Sackton: power through, maybe keep going. I'm fine. Sure. Okay?
Mike Sackton: I mean, I'm yeah. II have like 45 min left or an hour left in me. So I'd rather just keep going. Okay, so you sleep. You go to sleep the next morning.
Timothy Sackton:  Seeker you had promised you were. Gonna send the ladder to fetch Fuldrich.
Timothy Sackton: That's pretty Eve
Eric Rosenbaum: to take him back to us.
Timothy Sackton: So at like I don't know. 10 in the morning
Timothy Sackton: the latter returns. and so the latter lands, and you've got this. you know, as the latter lands with
Timothy Sackton: this dwarf.
Timothy Sackton: and he's dressed like
Timothy Sackton: outfitted in like adventuring gear, right like he's got this giant backpack he's ready. He's wearing. He's got his cane that he's carrying. He's wearing
Timothy Sackton: the backpack actually looks quite light. It looks like it's bigger on the inside.
Timothy Sackton: and he's wearing this like sort of piece together. Suit of like
Timothy Sackton:    you know, some sort of like.
Timothy Sackton: you know armor, but not like a really not like plate, armor, chain, or anything like heavy and fancy. It's like a breastplate with like little bits of leather buckles and things. He's combed his beard. He looks, you know. Things look nice. He lands and he limbs up straight to seeker, and he says.
Timothy Sackton: got the information. I know where we're going. Are you ready to leave, or we should have breakfast?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, let's indeed! Let's start with the breakfast
Eric Rosenbaum:  we. We have you gotta cook on this thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think there might be some leftovers.
Mike Sackton: Sort of step out. Nod to him.
Eric Rosenbaum: You met Del with its party. Right?
Timothy Sackton: You're not the cook seeker said you were one of his like adventures.
Mike Sackton: Alf, of many talents
Timothy Sackton: impressive. I like it. Okay, let's cook.
Mike Sackton: What would you prefer to eat
Timothy Sackton: something hardy for an adventure.
Mike Sackton: We will not be leaving today.
Timothy Sackton: Figured and tell you.
David Kong: Speaker is sadly misinformed. The speaker. You didn't tell us what? What didn't you tell us, seeker?
David Kong: We didn't actually agree on anything. We're going to the edge of echoes.
Timothy Sackton: I find out it's close. It's like 500 miles away. It's nothing but you can get there in an afternoon on this ship.
Mike Sackton: An optimist, I see.
Eric Rosenbaum:  might take us a couple of days, but a couple of days an afternoon. What's the difference?
Mike Sackton: Well, approximately 90 h
David Kong: a literalist, I see, just for you.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the difficult truth of the matter is, we have some some
Eric Rosenbaum: affairs to settle here in town, including renovations to the ship.
Timothy Sackton: so we'll have to ask you to be a little bit rational. You've done my quarters right.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what do you mean?
Timothy Sackton: Wait! I'm coming.
Timothy Sackton: You're not going to the edge of echoes without me. I need quarters.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of course you'll have quarters here when it's time to leave. We'll have everything
Eric Rosenbaum: range just as you need it
Eric Rosenbaum: now. We might just back up for for a moment, and
Eric Rosenbaum: in the ancient fashion of our people.
Eric Rosenbaum: Formulate some kind of agreement, not one, so to speak.
Eric Rosenbaum: set in stone, but perhaps over a handshake, that we might allow us to set equal expectations on both sides.
Timothy Sackton: You need to.
Timothy Sackton: did. Did we not discuss this?
Eric Rosenbaum: I believe we played a lot of pinball
David Kong: for Dad. That was fun. Listen, my friend, I greatly respect your skills.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've conferred with my crewmates here on the ship, and we agree that
Eric Rosenbaum: the launch of a
Eric Rosenbaum: an artist in residence program here on our magical stone skyship would have no better inaugural member than you. We'd love to have you on board, and in exchange for your services.
Eric Rosenbaum: augmenting and experimenting with and adding to the capabilities of the ship. Using your unique skills, we will transport you to this strange place that you want to go to
Eric Rosenbaum: strikes me as a hugely advantageous arrangement.
Timothy Sackton: Of course, I thought.
Timothy Sackton: didn't you want to go there?
Timothy Sackton: As far as we know it's got. You're you're you're you're done our way. Wow!
Timothy Sackton: Needs a little bit of magical tweaking.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, naturally it does.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, we can do that there. Once I make my bird fly, he's he still has this like stone bird that's just like burst on the shoulder, and every now and then it'll like flap its wings a little bit, but it doesn't.
Timothy Sackton: can't get off the air.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not hearing music.
Mike Sackton: I'm hearing the music.
Mike Sackton: It is pretty good.
David Kong: It's it's perfect.
Eric Rosenbaum:  the
Eric Rosenbaum: in any case.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll need need a few more days.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I already cleaned up my apartment, so
Timothy Sackton: I guess I can live here for a few days.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, let's you and I will make your accommodations. Now
Eric Rosenbaum: we we'll find a way. Obviously we have plenty of space on board here. We're figuring out what to do with all of it.
Mike Sackton: How do you feel about large numbers of undead
Timothy Sackton: bad? How do you feel about them
David Kong: help. Bad, too, because otherwise I don't know that I want to travel with you. We may be heading towards large numbers of undead
Eric Rosenbaum: well. but just a minute deal with
Eric Rosenbaum: this destination that our friend wants to get to. It's on the way there, but he doesn't have to take the whole trip, does he? That's up to me.
Mike Sackton: Is it? On the way I thought it was to the North?
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: did you not tell them anything, seeker? It was a party. There was a lot going on.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. what seeker didn't tell you. Okay, there's a place the edge of echoes. It's where
Timothy Sackton: the elemental planes, particularly the plains of
Timothy Sackton: air and stone, but all of them
Timothy Sackton: merge and mix with this plane.
Timothy Sackton: Need to get there because I can't make my bird fly without a little bit of a magical help.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we heard about the bird.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So
Timothy Sackton: also, seeker's glove is a little dull.
Timothy Sackton: We can make it better.
Timothy Sackton: He could make birds not fly if he wanted to.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's very interesting.
Timothy Sackton: or birds that swim, I guess, if you like, you know that sort of thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: or you know.
Timothy Sackton: whatever else flies, bats, or
Timothy Sackton: ferrets, or something
Timothy Sackton: box do books fly sometimes books fly. I've seen books fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: no chains.
Timothy Sackton: ladders. You already have a ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: We we do have that
Timothy Sackton: cops, mirrors, bowls, foams.
Eric Rosenbaum: a flying book.
Eric Rosenbaum: as in a certain way seems perfect. I don't know if I can even explain why.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I love that idea.
Timothy Sackton: At any rate, once we're we need to get there. So I didn't know where it was
you, because you have a flying ship.
Timothy Sackton: Now you might know where it is, because obviously the ship is elemental powered. But then Seeker told me it wasn't. It was dream powered, which doesn't really make a lot of sense. That's okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: right? Because it was a crash.
Timothy Sackton: But if you trade magic items to the Philosopher's Guild, they will tell you information
Timothy Sackton: that's true. Made a magic item.
Timothy Sackton: and early this morning I went over there and I gave it to them, and they told me where the edge of echoes, and that's why I had to come back for brunch.
Eric Rosenbaum: And where is it?
Timothy Sackton: Okay? So do you know where Si mi is?
Timothy Sackton: Yes, Fretshella River.
Timothy Sackton: It's a small, fast, swift, flowing branch of a bigger river, the Ampoja.
Timothy Sackton: which is supposedly one of the bigger rivers in Sania. You said you have a map room. It must be labeled up there. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Let me show you around a little bit. We go down to
Timothy Sackton: yeah. Okay, so it's right there like, that's not that far. Actually.
Timothy Sackton: it's like, right in the middle of time. Yeah, that's like, you know.
Mike Sackton: that is like 400 miles from here
Timothy Sackton: that's like nothing. You could probably take me there in 2 days, even if your ship is slow.
Timothy Sackton: But the only thing is so the philosophers told me. It's a
Timothy Sackton: it's a cave complex. The river goes underground and everybody says it haunted.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So no, no. Are you like good seeker, I'm sure is a good adventure.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're all. We're all rather experienced. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: okay, I'm sure we'll be fine then.
David Kong: like, I'm not worried.
Eric Rosenbaum: What else did you learn pretty strong?
Timothy Sackton: Well, so you go into the cave. There was. Supposedly I don't.
Timothy Sackton: I assume this is true, because the philosophers told me. Give them a pretty good magic item.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So there was a drinkary in Forge like a thousand years ago. or some wizard who used it to make magic items.
Timothy Sackton: And then he died. and then it was haunted, and nobody goes there anymore.
Timothy Sackton: So that's why nobody knows where the edge of echoes is. But when I was in the Feywild I was talking to a fay they were like, Oh, yeah, the edge of echoes. I know where that is.
Timothy Sackton: It's like in the twilight I was like.
Timothy Sackton: that doesn't help me in the twilight. That's not a direction that's a time. And he was like, no, that's a direction
Eric Rosenbaum: in the Fay. Wow! Segments.
Timothy Sackton: Forget you
Mike Sackton: the twilight
Timothy Sackton: or early evening. What's that word like?
David Kong: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: dusk. vesper, even type. They had like a million words for it.
Eric Rosenbaum: but they like make 17 words for the same thing, just to confuse you.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's certainly true. And then you give them something, and you don't realize they took something that was more than what you meant to give them. Also. True.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm
Eric Rosenbaum: with.
Mike Sackton: we've had our own experiences with the fake we have
Timothy Sackton: in any case.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: I went to the philosophers, because you can trust. They'll tell you the right thing, even if they.
Timothy Sackton: I'm sure, keep them sequenced to themselves.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
David Kong: The twilight is apparently the middle of Semia.
Timothy Sackton: Fine, whatever. Not planning. On going back to the Fay Wild.
Timothy Sackton: They want to go to the edge of echoes here.
Timothy Sackton: if somehow it's like a tunnel from the elemental planes all the way through to the fey wild.
Timothy Sackton: somehow.
Eric Rosenbaum: How does it connect to this world?
Timothy Sackton: He's like picks up like I don't know. Some piece of bread or something is like squishing it up a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: so if the payroll has an echo of this world, it must have echoes of the
Timothy Sackton: planner connections right
Eric Rosenbaum: now. This is an area I'm very interested in.
Eric Rosenbaum: but I don't know the answer to your question.
Timothy Sackton: But let's go find out.
Timothy Sackton: I love. Maybe there's something in the Drankorian Forbes. It'll tell us they must have had books
Timothy Sackton: if everybody thinks it's haunted. Probably nobody has looted it before. Vicky, your friend is
Mike Sackton: tells a more compelling story than you made it sound.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I didn't know. Oh, I didn't know any of this until this morning.
Mike Sackton: right course.
Mike Sackton: That is quite close to barn loss.
Mike Sackton: hardly out of her way at all
Mike Sackton: your hours, perhaps even.
Eric Rosenbaum: And yeah, like no more than a day.
Timothy Sackton: This is on which this is on the one of the main, the main river in the middle of Semi. Right? Yeah. It's like like 2. It's like
Timothy Sackton: it's like, I don't know 100 miles from the mountains.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So it's like literally
Mike Sackton: nearby.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think all of this can be peaceably arranged, and comfortably to
Eric Rosenbaum: just need a little bit of time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you have any requirements or needs that our accommodations might fulfill as we're
Eric Rosenbaum: about undertake
Eric Rosenbaum: a stock bed.
Timothy Sackton: My back is not what it was
Eric Rosenbaum: a soft bed.
Mike Sackton: We are short on soft beds. Perhaps you know somebody who makes them
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: yeah. I guess I could
Timothy Sackton: dig up the name of the god.
Timothy Sackton: Bought my bed at home from.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: furniture maker
Timothy Sackton: down. None of this nasty straw stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: Only the best aboard Vindistrun Vindraschiana.
Timothy Sackton: Other than that I don't know. 3 solid meals a day.
Timothy Sackton: hey?
Timothy Sackton: Proportional share of the treasure. So like maybe one quarter of what you each get. maybe one fifth of what you each get. So there's 4 of you, so
Timothy Sackton: I'll take 1 16 and you can have the rest
David Kong: from treasure, for
Timothy Sackton: from this place we're going.
David Kong: This is from this one place.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Mike Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: and I'll picks up Seeka's glove form.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know. Does anybody else need a stone? Pat
Mike Sackton: can't say that I do
Timothy Sackton: really
Mike Sackton: a stone. Everybody need a stone pad. What what can it do.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, right now. Nothing. But that's why we're going there.
Mike Sackton: I'll I'll ask my! I'll send my wings out of my shield to go patrol around.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, well, fine! If you have a ghost, pet, why do you need a stone pet? I get it.
Timothy Sackton: You probably have like a plant pet or something, ken, though
David Kong:  not quite safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're we're losing you again. Come.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's your way.
David Kong: Oh, sorry II was saying. I can. You hear me better now? Yeah, I don't. I don't.
David Kong: the plants aren't a pet per se, but I can communicate with them. but they're not quite like pets
Timothy Sackton: fair enough. Okay, so so
Eric Rosenbaum: stone stuff for
Eric Rosenbaum: the ship itself could also use
Eric Rosenbaum: some awakening in some form. Surely there's some part of the ship that we could turn into a living stone mechanism.
Mike Sackton: the ship.
Mike Sackton: We are always interested in improvements to the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah, I can see, like 10 or 15 things that you could have done better already. Oh, yeah, I'd love to know.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I guess you haven't done much yet, so
Eric Rosenbaum: there's a lot to do for one heart
Timothy Sackton: when you're in that like driving
Timothy Sackton: from how you see.
Eric Rosenbaum: The attunement
Eric Rosenbaum: extends the visual sense all around the ship. It's quite an experience.
Timothy Sackton: Fascinating!
Timothy Sackton: That's very interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum:  but for those not driving.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's helpful to have some kind of lookout area. We've been doing that at a makeshift way so far.
Eric Rosenbaum: We also are going to come into areas of great danger. And so anything that we can do to either hide the ship from view from the ground
Eric Rosenbaum: or defend ourselves from attacks, or drop things on unsuspecting people on the ground, any of those could be helpful.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: Take a little bit of magic.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, you'll have a few days. You need a plane of fire for this.
Timothy Sackton: You have anything
Timothy Sackton: we need, something we can like charge up with fire energy, and you know what we could make?
Eric Rosenbaum: What's that?
Timothy Sackton: A cannon? Have you heard of these?
Eric Rosenbaum: I've I've
Timothy Sackton: means and picks up. He picks up his like his
Timothy Sackton: his cane, and he like sort of holds it up and brazes himself. And
Timothy Sackton: is there anything flammable in here?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hoping that
Eric Rosenbaum: pointed at the wall, and this like bolt of fire shoots at the end. It just came. Oh, dear!
Timothy Sackton: Like that. But bigger
Eric Rosenbaum:  that's very interesting.
David Kong: This guy's gonna be a great fifth roommate.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we might even want to. Can probably get them to stay on a bit longer.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we need this something that can absorb fire energy to do that. We found we finally found the DM. Pizza.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does Secret know of
Eric Rosenbaum: such a material? Do we have something?
Timothy Sackton: You have. The Boomley is working on Dewitt's
Timothy Sackton: shadow breastplate, which is metal that can absorb the power of any plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, the special medal that we got! We didn't remember that.
David Kong: Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is that stuff called in Kaya the Enkay? I'll mention that
Eric Rosenbaum: we have some, but that was like a stone born legend.
Timothy Sackton: It wasn't really
Eric Rosenbaum: it a precious gift given to us for a great deed.
Timothy Sackton: Hey? If you wanted to make something that shot bolts of flame out of this sky chef, we could definitely do it with that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm! It's worth investigating. At the very least.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have to find a way
Eric Rosenbaum: to mount it and aim it. That would be practical.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not obvious.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: some sort of Swively device.
Eric Rosenbaum: right? What kind of range do you think we could achieve? I suppose it depends how much fire and June could store.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, we'd have to see how the magic works
Timothy Sackton: think I could get few 100 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just a tube right? This canon concept.
Timothy Sackton: It's more like an arcane focus, right? And he picks up his like. He holds up his cane like leaning on the table. It looks like there's nothing in here right like tap, tap, tap. Seems like it's just a metal cane.
Timothy Sackton: Then you see these little arcane signals here
Timothy Sackton: rooms that I've carved on the bottom. Wow! Flips it up! Boom! Another bolt of fire sheets out. That's the key. An arcane focused.
Timothy Sackton: Guide the fire energy.
Eric Rosenbaum: you see.
Eric Rosenbaum: But would I be able to attune to that while flying the ship with the phasing stone?
Eric Rosenbaum: Fortunately, Kenzo here also can fly it.
Timothy Sackton: Well.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, I we'd have to fiddle
Eric Rosenbaum: them worth considering.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we have enough ideas to to
Eric Rosenbaum: for certain
Eric Rosenbaum: invite you
Eric Rosenbaum: to join us in Australia.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't think that was in any doubt. I thought it was just debating when we were gonna leave this morning, or like.
Timothy Sackton: what did you say? 2 weeks, one week, 2 days
David Kong: you and your friend have been having at least 2 different conversations, and perhaps we would be well served to converge those into one.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you're gonna buy me a bag.
Timothy Sackton: and then we're gonna leave in one or 2 weeks
Eric Rosenbaum: some amount of time within that range. That's right.
Timothy Sackton: But well, let's decide on an amount of time here, I mean. Come on, let's not dillydaddle. There's magic is waiting.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're on our own schedule. Are we sure that my bird is trying to talk to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: It pecks in my ears sometimes, and I don't know what it's trying to say.
Eric Rosenbaum: my friend. There's a whole city of wonderfully cultured and peaceful Orc warriors who are besieged by an army of the undead.
Eric Rosenbaum: defended now only by our loyal friend.
Eric Rosenbaum: who's been there somehow, holding down the fort without us for how much time?
Mike Sackton: Just a week or 2, 3, 3 weeks now. So that's where we're trying to get back to. So we're not dilly dallying. We're just renovating our our ship with the time that we have. Wait.
Timothy Sackton: You're telling me that you have a friend who is holding off an entire undead army by themselves. And you're renovating your ship.
David Kong: That's not what's happening. Seeker. How dare you say such things
Eric Rosenbaum: as you get to know as Maryland
Eric Rosenbaum: how it all works!
David Kong: It's true not everyone would understand the situation. That right that could be justified
Eric Rosenbaum: if we what sorry
Eric Rosenbaum: and you're adding weapons to your ship. Now that I can understand which we are which you are doing, you're leading that part of this endeavor. There is another matter of minor bit of damage that we sustain, that we might together want to look into at some point also. Oh, yes, the like weird, acid colony that you're growing inside your ship. How'd you know? Sorry
Timothy Sackton: I didn't say that you showed it to me?
Eric Rosenbaum:  we climbed in there on your party, don't you remember? It's all a bit of a blur. It was quite the party, wasn't it?
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we did look at. I don't think that's actually what's happening, though.
Timothy Sackton: No, I think we just need a little bit of stone to fill that hole. But actually, what I think
Timothy Sackton: you should do. Jab the cannon out that hole.
Eric Rosenbaum: Love that idea. Interesting idea. I mean.
Timothy Sackton: it's not like you need to fly in water right? What's a hole in the hole? Gonna do?
Eric Rosenbaum: True, that's true. Well, we do have occasionally it does occasionally need to go in water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? Doesn't it sink?
Eric Rosenbaum: It would probably sink.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's supposing we go to the plane of water. Or suppose we need to go underwater
Timothy Sackton: when we drown?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we'd have some kind of magical protection seal the thing, map or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: We
Eric Rosenbaum: we expect to go on great adventures with vendors drama. So we're trying to invest in in, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I also think I might need like an armor-plated bunker.
Eric Rosenbaum: You don't have to come with us all this way.
Eric Rosenbaum: How how long you'll travel with us?
Timothy Sackton: Well. I don't know. 2 days, but it seems like you could get into quite some trouble in that time.
Eric Rosenbaum: What could possibly go wrong? How about this?
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll make that agreement about the the share of the loop
Eric Rosenbaum: up to an including
Eric Rosenbaum: the
Eric Rosenbaum: What is it? The echo realm of echoes, anyway? Edge of echoes, the edge of echoes. And
Eric Rosenbaum: once that's complete. we can shake hands on the new agreement.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we'll part ways at that stage. Perhaps you'll continue on with us.
Timothy Sackton: Feel.
Eric Rosenbaum: and the share of the Treasury mentioned. One sixteenth. I'll have to verify with my
Eric Rosenbaum: partners here.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, they're right there. Does anybody object?
Eric Rosenbaum: We've never made an arrangement like this? What do you? What do you guys think
Mike Sackton: up?
Mike Sackton: II guess I wouldn't say I object. But aren't you getting quite a lot from us?
Timothy Sackton: I mean. you're taking me there.
Timothy Sackton: and I guess, keeping me alive while I make all these things for you.
Timothy Sackton: We could drop the
Timothy Sackton: improve the ship, fix up Seeker's glove. If you want to just go there. I'll fix my bird and then make my way home. We don't have to discuss treasure at all.
Mike Sackton: I'd even pay you in that circumstance. Wow!
Mike Sackton: I have no
Mike Sackton: objection to
Mike Sackton: paying you to
Mike Sackton: help us.
Mike Sackton: Sorry. I'm kind of losing it.
Mike Sackton: you know, if it's if it's a matter of helping us fix the ship.
Mike Sackton: and you know building stuff for us. Of course, a fair wage is is all what you deserve.
Timothy Sackton: Speaker, I think you need to work on communication.
David Kong: II think, in exchange for all of these these
David Kong: these improvements to the ship, one sixteenth treasure that we find during this particular part of the journey feels fine to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good. Let's call it a great yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: and we'll be in touch when we're ready to leave
Timothy Sackton: right, because I'll be here, so it'll be very easy for you to say baldric. Wake up
Timothy Sackton: this morning.
Eric Rosenbaum: right. You're staying here on the ship with us. That means we can begin our work together
Eric Rosenbaum: on this very day.
Timothy Sackton: You might need a cruise, though, if you wanna
Timothy Sackton: fix up this
Eric Rosenbaum: ship in any reasonable amount of time we are hoping to hire some people. That's true.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, well, I'll take charge of the bed. It seems like, maybe you're not very good at that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Umhm.
Timothy Sackton: Does anybody else want a nice bed, or are you happy with crappy beds?
David Kong: Think we all want nice beds? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think that's our goal.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, it just hasn't been a priority, I guess. Well.
Timothy Sackton: none of you are old, so you know.
David Kong: No, no deal with is very old, extremely old, older than you could possibly imagine. Actually.
Timothy Sackton: those don't get old, plus I bet I'm older than him.
David Kong: Model.
Timothy Sackton: How old are you in like human years?
Mike Sackton: Well. it's an interesting question.
David Kong: II would add the years in the Internet inter dimensional portal, though with you you'll definitely win
Mike Sackton: app fair enough if you if you pad those years.
David Kong: 4 or 500
Mike Sackton: something like that.
Mike Sackton: you know. If you count each of those years twice 400 that's older than me.
David Kong: Huh!
Timothy Sackton: He doesn't look it, though.
David Kong: He's love.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: fair enough.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: you'll get crew.
Timothy Sackton: Get that weird metal.
Timothy Sackton: I'm gonna deal with the bed today. Just give me some coin.
Timothy Sackton: I'll get you all nice beds.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great!
Timothy Sackton: He looks around. Guess I'll find a room.
Timothy Sackton: Make a room.
Mike Sackton: You have to build your own corridors on this ship. Is that the way it works? That is the way it works? Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll build it with you.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, seeker, come on, let's get to work. Very good.
Timothy Sackton: thou
Timothy Sackton: seeker, and and him go off so before we, before we wrap up. what do you wanna do in terms of like, how long are you planning on spending in
Timothy Sackton: toll in where you
Eric Rosenbaum: gotta somehow convince Rizmann that we're still fighting demons?
David Kong: Well, I think I think that the the the battle armaments of this guy. She's worked. We're gonna add a can. And are we doing the drop door to like throw a stuff out?
Eric Rosenbaum: I was hoping to try to do the drop door. Yeah, but
Eric Rosenbaum: that's almost better than the canon. Actually.
David Kong: yeah, let's get this. Get this. Let's get this this guy to help us with that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But anyway, we also were gonna get.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'm going to turn the wood from that
Mike Sackton: salvage ship into. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: like fancy bedroom quarters.
David Kong: Build the guest rooms that are like below decks, too. Yeah, and into actual structures for our for our our show.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right on the
Eric Rosenbaum: top deck.
David Kong: pop deck. you know
Eric Rosenbaum: we never actually blueprinted it out. But for actually that's not super critical, I would say. I mean, if you're willing to pay.
Timothy Sackton: you know.
Timothy Sackton: some amount above the going rate you could. You could probably hire, you know, a few 100 people to work on it. Few 100. Jesus. I mean, it's a big ship, right? It's like 200 feet long.
Timothy Sackton: and you need like carpenters to be deconstructing the ship value.
Timothy Sackton: So I mean, if you're willing to shell out money, you could do it pretty quickly.
David Kong: Why not? What else do we need that money for?
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? It's an investment resale value, you know,
Eric Rosenbaum: have have we discussed how long? Like, I mean.
Mike Sackton: we haven't really. I mean, we should probably get going sooner rather than later. Is the main. Yeah. Well, what else are we waiting for? We're just trying to get this work done on the ship is that we're doing. The only other thing is the stuff what's your name is making for us?
Eric Rosenbaum: How long's that going to take?
Timothy Sackton: It depends on, I mean, that could take some amount of time depending on what you
David Kong: here. How about exactly what you want? Then let's make it mission critical for the dropping stuff
David Kong: feature on the ship, because we're gonna want to show up with Briswick like in a critical moment in battle, dropping a whole bunch of fucking crazy shit almost like on that army. So let's prioritize that offensive capability for the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's not a cannon. It's like fire bombs that drop.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, as far as zoomly like getting
Mike Sackton: dealt with shields
Mike Sackton: upgraded, and the elemental thing are the ones that we have to be here for then we can let her work on
Mike Sackton: other stuff like she can make a shield for riswin and arrows for Wellbe, and we can
Mike Sackton: get them when we're next here. I guess
David Kong: if we're not gonna wait.
Mike Sackton: we arrive to to his win and like, fight the battle and be like we got you something. But you have to go get you have to go get it right. I mean. Or Tim could wave his hands and let us just have them in less than 4 weeks, or whatever
Timothy Sackton: there, there are
Timothy Sackton: spells that let you
David Kong: haste is a spell. There's a speedy courier spell that mate lets you basically teleport a chest.
Mike Sackton: That's true.
Mike Sackton: But does anybody have that spell?
Timothy Sackton: Well, I'm sure you could pay somebody. That's true past that. Right like you would, Umley, would. You would leave only money. You would pay somebody you would just spell it would teleport to you just makes things more expensive.
Mike Sackton: Well, that's fine. We could do that
Mike Sackton: if we could do the
Mike Sackton: the elemental thing in the shield in, you know, the next short amount of time, and then let her work on the other stuff for 3 or 4 weeks, and then teleport it to us.
David Kong: That's great. Let's do that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? So like, it's probably gonna take, you.
Timothy Sackton: you know, if you're willing to invest, like, you know.
Timothy Sackton: let's say
Timothy Sackton: 200.
Timothy Sackton:  yeah. So if you're willing to invest something like
Timothy Sackton:  something like 6,000 gold, you could hire 200 people at 3 gold a day for 10 days.
Timothy Sackton: and that would be enough to
Timothy Sackton: get like a good chunk of your
Timothy Sackton: ship reconstruction done.
Eric Rosenbaum: Another option is, we store the salvage ship here.
Eric Rosenbaum: or just buy a birthing for it.
Eric Rosenbaum: so we can come back and do this time incident, partly because there's nothing especially about
Eric Rosenbaum: having nice bedrooms that we, in order to go fights and battles.
You're
Mike Sackton: I mean it. It seems kind of fun to have all of our stuff set up.
Mike Sackton: but there's only so much we can justify breaking the reality that we should really be hiring out of here.
David Kong: Guys, I think we really prioritize again, like setting up the offensive web trapdoor things like show up with the gym. We're like dropping, but massive.
David Kong: so that that we can do like on the way, basically, because
Eric Rosenbaum: that's what our friend here.
Timothy Sackton: Right? I mean. Colin, is not that far from that works based on
Timothy Sackton: how far the ship flies either? Right like it's 7 days.
Timothy Sackton: So you could also hire a bunch of people.
Timothy Sackton: You could leave 10. You could leave 5,000 gold.
Timothy Sackton: hire a bunch of people. They could start deconstructing the ship and turning it into timber and building stuff for you, and then you could just fly back.
Mike Sackton: We could.
Eric Rosenbaum: How old are we? Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: you've got. I don't know
Timothy Sackton: 40,000 gold something like that.
David Kong: We're we're so rich it's awesome.
Mike Sackton: and that's without selling any of our stuff. We have.
Mike Sackton: We have 34,000 gold plus 44,000 gold plus 50,000 gold, 57,000 gold.
Mike Sackton: We have over 60,000 gold in coin.
Mike Sackton: If anybody's been updating party treasure when we spend money which I don't know if anybody has the party treasure the one that thought Doc X should be updated.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong: But marvelous. Let's do that then.
Mike Sackton: And that's not even including like our gemstones and crap like that.
David Kong: I love being rich.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we have a lot of money. Nice.
David Kong: That's awesome.
David Kong: Okay, get it. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's true. You've got you've got yeah, at least 60,000 gold.
Timothy Sackton: Now, Welby wants to buy a Welby one needs to get his doctors and tattoo.
Timothy Sackton: That's a thousand or 2 depending on what he wants.
David Kong: That's okay, like our actual, totally worth it.
Mike Sackton: Our actual goals that we have is.
Timothy Sackton: and you might want to buy a few more heroes. Feast chalices so you can. so Rizwin can cast some cure as feasts for your
Timothy Sackton: Otto's. Gosh!
Mike Sackton: Good idea!
David Kong: Oh, we should also restock up on like a ton of fucking healing potions. We should have get like a giant stock of those
Mike Sackton: we have 63,000 gold
David Kong: amazing.
Mike Sackton: And that's not including like Crap. We could sell and things like that, right? We probably
Mike Sackton: go ahead.
David Kong: I was just gonna say so. Just sorry on my computer is like freaking out. So I can't write on it. But can we? Yeah. Can we like get some curios, feast chouses
David Kong: whole bunch of healing potions. and we'll spend money to start the labor process on these deconstruction of the the woodchip.
David Kong: Well, he's gonna get it. Get a tattoo. What else are you spending and money money on?
Timothy Sackton: The only stuff was something like 4,000. So what you could do for that. I mean.
Timothy Sackton: it depends on whether you're how much you trust her and whether you're willing to.
Timothy Sackton: how long you're spending in Oran loss, and like what the timing could work out, but she could start working on metal frame for the shield.
Timothy Sackton: Then you'd have to.
Mike Sackton: She need a few days with the shield right like you can't do the whole thing. It's it's not actually fun for me to be trying to figure out how I don't have my shield when something happens right like it wouldn't make sense for deal with either. Right? Like either. I'm just gonna give up on it
Mike Sackton: right, or it has to be something that works right now.
David Kong: That's for doing for that.
Yeah, that like we could just say, forget it. We got all this stuff from zoomly. But we're not actually gonna make anything with it
Mike Sackton: right? Like
Mike Sackton: it. It it doesn't really make any sense for Deleth to weave his shield behind what we go off on an adventure. It's his primary magic behind.
David Kong: Just if it's gonna take too much time, then then just do. When we come back we'll be back. I think I think it's ridiculous that Tim is being like. It's gonna take too much time. Just say it takes 3 days and get on with your life.
David Kong: There is a certain amount of of realism in Talgar like.
David Kong: you know, these these magic items they take, they pick times.
Mike Sackton: If if that's where them wants to go. That's fine. I just won't do it at some point in the distant future. Then maybe we'll be back, and it'll make sense.
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: I do not think it does not. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: you do need a chunk where you could have some
Timothy Sackton: like legitimate downtime to deal with these things. I don't see why you couldn't just come back to them after
Timothy Sackton: dealing with gosh! And have some actual downtime to like. Do stuff. Think of nothing takes any time. It's sort of
Timothy Sackton: like, why not just skip travel time? Why not skip all time and just not have a calendar? It has to be a cost of things. If they're gonna be I just
yes.
Mike Sackton: Why does it take? Why should smithing take time and travel? Why should travel? Take time and not, I mean, I think, saying, travel, take smithing, take 0 time is not
Mike Sackton: at all sensible, but saying it's gonna take 6 weeks.
Mike Sackton: Just it would be perfectly plausible to say, yes, you could make a small subset of things in 3 or 4 days. Right? I don't think this is a productive thing to argue about.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it doesn't really matter. It's just
Mike Sackton: we'll move on.
Timothy Sackton: So the plan, then is, you're gonna leave basically quite soon. Right?
David Kong: Yeah.
David Kong: totally.
David Kong: What are the what are the only other things we need to wait for at this point. I guess not making us anything. We'll just
Mike Sackton: come back.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you're not taking the medal with you. She can work. That's what I was saying. She can work on stuff.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, okay, we can work on stuff.
Timothy Sackton: It won't be like, completely done. But like
Timothy Sackton: there's no reasons you can't begin work on whatever you want, right? Same with the the carpenters and everybody who's gonna work on the
David Kong: on the show
Eric Rosenbaum: touch with the risen. There's one. Would this be playing out differently if she was married to one of the players instead of DM,
David Kong: have we heard from her at all.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we scribe her recently. She's she's going fine doing fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: She's doing great.
David Kong: totally stress for you down there.
David Kong: It's like, okay. So so
Timothy Sackton: Oomi will get started on a bunch of stuff, but nothing will be finished except for the the planner metal, which will be done before you leave.
Timothy Sackton: so you can take that with you.
Eric Rosenbaum: The what sorry
Timothy Sackton: the the Enkai, the planner medal
Timothy Sackton:  carpenters will get started on a bunch of stuff. and when you return like, you know, you can do all the
Timothy Sackton:  all that stuff,
Timothy Sackton: and Rob, you'll get a tattoo and you'll buy. We can like deal with, like all all links and the text, or something to figure out the like whenever shopping. I don't think we need to deal with that right now.
Timothy Sackton: but the plan then, would be to leave total in the next.
Timothy Sackton: like 2 or 3 days. Basically
Eric Rosenbaum: perfect.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: Anything else that
Timothy Sackton: anybody wants to
Timothy Sackton: wrap up tolling because I'd like to basically start the next session like
Timothy Sackton: on the road.
Eric Rosenbaum: Love it.
David Kong: Ken Kenza will. Well, during this period, you know, spend a little more time with with his lady friends. And you know
Timothy Sackton: she wants to know when you're coming back.
David Kong: Yeah, like, hopefully, soon, hopefully, in a couple of weeks we'll be back for longer period.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we'll just take out garage. Fausto. Come back.
David Kong: Are there any other pieces of rye along the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably not. That stuff's much further out, isn't it?
Mike Sackton: Sorry pieces are not? We'll be back
Timothy Sackton: through Tollen before we go to the Erskry piece, but the right piece depends on what what order you want to do things. Because
Timothy Sackton: yes. there's chart-in and
Timothy Sackton: ocean rye piece are close to each other.
Timothy Sackton: Ersk and Tollen are close to each other. You don't know where the other
Timothy Sackton: the last try pieces, but at some point the philosopher's scaled will be back with information on that
Eric Rosenbaum: we should probably hit Erskafter Garch.
David Kong: First, we're the jade forest
Eric Rosenbaum: alright.
Mike Sackton: We'll need to get the Philosophers Guild to tell us what the jade forest is. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong: But I thought they told us exactly where the no, no, not the j, the the rainforest. One. J. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Not the jade forest. No, no. Sorry. Yeah, yeah. I thought you said Rainforest. I missed it. Junk. It's the jungle one that we don't know.
David Kong: Wow! Clarity marvelous!
Eric Rosenbaum: There's like there's no, there's no.
Timothy Sackton: there's nothing stopping you from doing.
Timothy Sackton: Gosh!
Timothy Sackton: Then back to Tolan.
Timothy Sackton: have some more real downtime. Do some research figure out what you need make friends with the Kanku to figure out how to get into Earth like
Timothy Sackton: one of the Kenku offered to be a guide.
Timothy Sackton: and then just do ours next right? Like, you don't have to
Mike Sackton: do the chart. And yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: we had to catch one of those giant iceworms in the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: They're like 200 feet long. Right?
David Kong: Well, it it feels like now that we know, like what's going on with the the jade hands. and that after we find all the pieces of the jade hands that the tallinn dudes can help us figure out where the fuck
David Kong: polyons, like soldjar is
David Kong: like feels like the next steps are, go go after after we take care of Josh's. Go find all the pieces right?
David Kong: Yeah, that's that's
David Kong: the the the main quest is now clear. So it does now. Now we can properly enjoy our side quests
David Kong: exactly. We can now.
Timothy Sackton: And you also see the out of order. We just had to drankour right now, just for fun. Just go south from.
David Kong: or you'll get the drink, or in like 3 days.
David Kong: Sweet. What could go wrong?
Mike Sackton: Nothing like, I said. If we just bash into things with no plan, it all works out, never, never works out.
David Kong: But do we still know yet what happened with the pandemonium, pandemonium scroll.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pasta has it. You don't know what's happened to it. Maybe it wasn't something where, like he was like having these like meetings for a bunch of days. And we're all really concerned for a bit. And we kind of forgot about it.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's probably fine.
David Kong: Weren't there? All these like secret meetings happening, or something.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, he was organizing the hunting party coming together. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: he is. Yeah.
David Kong: organizing a what?
Eric Rosenbaum: The hunting party to come to get you?
David Kong: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: they're on their way.
David Kong: Yes.
David Kong: sweet
Mike Sackton: Yup.
Timothy Sackton: so we'll pick up. I'll do a little recap of. I'll we'll organize the like
Timothy Sackton: purchasing of stuff out of session, and I'll do a little recap of the like.
Timothy Sackton: or maybe I'll maybe I'll
Timothy Sackton: well, I'll figure it out. Maybe maybe I'll have
Timothy Sackton: everybody do like a short, you know, couple of minute recap of their last days and toll, and at the beginning of next session. That's perfect.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong: good night, everybody. Alright, thanks, Tim. Good night, guys.
David Kong: But.